{"LIN": {"ticker": "LIN", "name": "Linde plc", "sector": "basic-materials", "description": "Linde plc operates as an industrial gas company worldwide. It offers atmospheric gases, including oxygen, nitrogen, argon, and rare gases; and process gases, such as hydrogen, helium, carbon dioxide, carbon monoxide, electronic gases, specialty gases, and acetylene. The company also engages in designing and constructing of turnkey process plants for third-party customers, as well as for the gas businesses in various locations comprising air separation, hydrogen, synthesis, olefin, and natural gas plants. It serves healthcare, chemicals and energy, manufacturing, metals and mining, food and beverage, and electronics industries. The company operates in the United States, Brazil, Mexico, Canada, Germany, the Unted Kingdom, Eastern Europe, China, Australia, South Korea, And India. Linde plc was founded in 1879 and is based in Woking, the United Kingdom."}, "SCCO": {"ticker": "SCCO", "name": "Southern Copper Corporation", "sector": "basic-materials", "description": "Southern Copper Corporation engages in mining, exploring, smelting, and refining copper and other minerals in Mexico, the United States, Peru, Brazil, Chile, and Other American countries. The company is involved in the mining, milling, and flotation of copper ore to produce copper and molybdenum concentrates; smelting of copper concentrates to produce blister and anode copper; refining of anode copper to produce copper cathodes; production of copper-molybdenum concentrates and sulfuric acid; production of refined silver, gold, and other materials; and mining and processing of copper, molybdenum, zinc, silver, gold and lead. It operates the Toquepala and Cuajone open-pit mines, smelter, and refinery in Peru; La Caridad, an open-pit copper mine, as well as copper ore concentrator; and SX-EW plant, a smelter, refinery, and rod plant in Mexico. The company also operates Buenavista, an open-pit copper mine, as well as copper concentrators and operating SX-EW plants in Mexico. In addition, it operates underground mines that produce zinc, lead, copper, silver, and gold; coal mine; and zinc refinery. The company has interests in 164,805 hectares and 505,788 hectares of concessions in Peru and Mexico; and 98,634 hectares and 28,453 hectares of exploration concessions in Argentina and Chile. Southern Copper Corporation was formerly known as Southern Peru Copper Corp. and changed its name to Southern Copper Corporation in July 1996. The company was incorporated in 1952 and is based in Phoenix, Arizona. Southern Copper Corporation operates as a subsidiary of Americas Mining Corporation."}, "NEM": {"ticker": "NEM", "name": "Newmont Corporation", "sector": "basic-materials", "description": "Newmont Corporation operates as a gold producer. It also explores for copper, silver, lead, zinc, and other metals. It has operations and/or assets in the United States, Papua New Guinea, Australia, Ghana, Suriname, Argentina, Dominican Republic, Chile, Peru, Ecuador, Mexico, and Canada. The company was founded in 1916 and is headquartered in Denver, Colorado."}, "FCX": {"ticker": "FCX", "name": "Freeport-McMoRan Inc.", "sector": "basic-materials", "description": "Freeport-McMoRan Inc. engages in the mining of mineral properties in North America, South America, and Indonesia. The company primarily explores for copper, gold, molybdenum, silver, and other metals. Its assets include the Grasberg minerals district in Indonesia; Morenci, Bagdad, Safford, Sierrita, and Miami in Arizona; Chino and Tyrone in New Mexico; and Henderson and Climax in Colorado, North America, as well as Cerro Verde in Peru and El Abra in Chile. The company was formerly known as Freeport-McMoRan Copper & Gold Inc. and changed its name to Freeport-McMoRan Inc. in July 2014. The company was incorporated in 1987 and is headquartered in Phoenix, Arizona."}, "SHW": {"ticker": "SHW", "name": "The Sherwin-Williams Company", "sector": "basic-materials", "description": "The Sherwin-Williams Company engages in the development, manufacture, distribution, and sale of paint, coatings, and related products to professional, industrial, commercial and retail customers. The company operates through three segments: Paint Stores Group, Consumer Brands Group, and Performance Coatings Group. The Paint Stores Group segment offers architectural paint and coatings; protective and marine products; and OEM product finishes and related products for architectural and industrial paint contractors, and do-it-yourself homeowners under the Sherwin-Williams brand. The Consumer Brands Group segment supplies a portfolio of branded and private-label architectural paints, stains, varnishes, industrial products, wood finishes products, wood preservatives, applicators, corrosion inhibitors, aerosols, caulks, and adhesives to retailers, including home centers and hardware stores, and dedicated dealers and distributors. The Performance Coatings Group segment develops and sells industrial coatings for wood finishing and general industrial applications; automotive refinish products; protective and marine coatings; coil coatings; packaging coatings; and performance-based resins and colorants. This segment serves retailers, dealers, jobbers, licensees, and other third-party distributors. The company operates in North America, South America, the Caribbean, Europe, Asia, and Australia. The Sherwin-Williams Company was founded in 1866 and is headquartered in Cleveland, Ohio."}, "CRH": {"ticker": "CRH", "name": "CRH plc", "sector": "basic-materials", "description": "CRH plc, together with its subsidiaries, provides building materials solutions in Ireland, the United States, the United Kingdom, rest of Europe, and internationally. It operates through three segments: Americas Materials Solutions, Americas Building Solutions, and International Solutions. The company offers building materials for the construction and maintenance of public infrastructure, and commercial and residential buildings, as well as construction and renovation of transportation infrastructure, critical utility networks, commercial and residential buildings, and outdoor living spaces; paving and construction services; and produces and sells aggregates, cementitious materials, ready mixed concrete and mortars, and asphalt. It also manufactures, supplies, and delivers building products for the built environment in communities in North America; and provides building and infrastructure solutions for complex critical utility infrastructure, such as water, energy, transportation, and telecommunications projects, and outdoor living solutions for private and public spaces. In addition, the company produces and supplies precast and pre-stressed concrete products comprising vaults, pipes, and manholes; and concrete and polymer-based products, such as underground vaults, drainage systems, enclosures, and modular precast structures for applications in transportation, water, energy, and telecommunications markets. Further, it provides crushed stone, sand, and gravel; granite, limestone, and sandstone; fly ash, pozzolans, synthetic gypsum, calcined clay, and ground granulated blast-furnace slags; fencing and railing systems, lawn and garden products, and packaged concrete mixes; and concrete masonry, hardscape and related products, including pavers, blocks and curbs, retaining walls, and slabs. CRH plc was founded in 1936 and is based in Dublin, Ireland."}, "ECL": {"ticker": "ECL", "name": "Ecolab Inc.", "sector": "basic-materials", "description": "Ecolab Inc. provides water, hygiene, and infection prevention solutions and services in the United States and internationally. The company operates through four segments: Global Water, Global Institutional & Specialty, Global Pest Elimination, and Global Life Sciences. The Global Water segment offers water treatment and process applications, and cleaning and sanitizing solutions to manufacturing, food and beverage processing, transportation, chemical, primary metals and mining, power generation, global refining, petrochemical, pulp and paper industries. The Global Institutional & Specialty segment provides cleaning and sanitizing products to the foodservice, healthcare, hospitality, lodging, government, education and retail industries. The Global Pest Elimination segment provides pest elimination services to detect, prevent, and eliminate pests comprising rodents and insects in full-service and quick-service restaurants, food and beverage processors, hotels, grocery operations, and other commercial segments, including education, life sciences, and healthcare. The Global Life Sciences segment provides cleaning and contamination control solutions to pharmaceutical and personal care manufacturers. It offers its products under the Ecolab, Kay, Purolite, and Bioquell brand names. The company sells its products through field sales and corporate account personnel, distributors, and dealers. Ecolab Inc. was founded in 1923 and is headquartered in Saint Paul, Minnesota."}, "APD": {"ticker": "APD", "name": "Air Products and Chemicals, Inc.", "sector": "basic-materials", "description": "Air Products and Chemicals, Inc. provides atmospheric gases, process and specialty gases, equipment, and related services in the Americas, Asia, Europe, the Middle East, India, and internationally. The company produces atmospheric gases, including oxygen, nitrogen, and argon; process gases, such as hydrogen, helium, carbon dioxide, carbon monoxide, and syngas; and specialty gases for customers in various industries, including refining, chemical, metals, manufacturing, electronics, energy production, medical, food, chemical and petrochemical manufacturing, oil and gas recovery and processing, and steel and primary metals processing. It also designs and manufactures equipment for air separation, hydrocarbon recovery and purification, natural gas liquefaction, and liquid helium and liquid hydrogen transport and storage. Air Products and Chemicals, Inc. was founded in 1940 and is headquartered in Allentown, Pennsylvania."}, "AU": {"ticker": "AU", "name": "AngloGold Ashanti plc", "sector": "basic-materials", "description": "AngloGold Ashanti plc operates as a gold mining company in Africa, Australia, and the Americas. It explores for gold, as well as by-products, including silver and sulphuric acid. The company's flagship property includes 100% owned the Geita mine located in the Lake Victoria goldfields of the Geita region in northwestern Tanzania. AngloGold Ashanti plc was incorporated in 1944 and is headquartered in Greenwood Village, Colorado."}, "CTVA": {"ticker": "CTVA", "name": "Corteva, Inc.", "sector": "basic-materials", "description": "Corteva, Inc. operates in the agriculture business. The company operates through two segments, Seed and Crop Protection. The Seed segment develops and supplies advanced germplasm and traits that produce optimum yield for farms. It offers trait technologies that enhance resistance to weather, disease, insects, and herbicides used to control weeds, as well as food and nutritional characteristics. This segment also provides digital solutions that assist farmer decision-making with a view to optimize product selection, and maximize yield and profitability. The Crop Protection segment offers products that protect against weeds, insects and other pests, and diseases, as well as enhances crop health above and below ground through nitrogen management and seed-applied technologies. This segment provides herbicides, insecticides, nitrogen stabilizers, and pasture and range management herbicides. It serves agricultural input industry. The company operates in the United States, Canada, Latin America, the Asia Pacific, Europe, the Middle East, and Africa. Corteva, Inc. was founded in 1802 and is headquartered in Indianapolis, Indiana."}, "NUE": {"ticker": "NUE", "name": "Nucor Corporation", "sector": "basic-materials", "description": "Nucor Corporation engages in the manufacture and sale of steel and steel products. The company operates in three segments: Steel Mills, Steel Products, and Raw Materials. The Steel Mills segment produces hot-rolled, cold-rolled, and galvanized sheet steel products; plate steel products; wide-flange beams, beam blanks, and H-piling and sheet piling structural steel products; and bar steel products, such as blooms, billets, concrete reinforcing and merchant bars, and engineered special bar quality products. This segment sells its products to steel service centers, fabricators, and manufacturers in the United States, Canada, and Mexico, as well as engages in the steel trading and rebar distribution businesses. The Steel Products segment offers steel joists and joist girders, steel decks, and galvanized torque tubes for use in solar arrays, hollow structural section steel tubing, electrical conduit, fabricated concrete reinforcing steel, cold finished steel, steel fasteners, steel grating and expanded metal, wire and wire mesh, metal building systems, insulated metal panels, steel racking, overhead doors, and utility towers and structures for communications and energy transmission. This segment is also involved in the piling distribution business. The Raw Materials segment produces direct reduced iron (DRI); brokers ferrous and nonferrous metals, pig iron, hot briquetted iron, and DRI; supplies ferro-alloys; processes ferrous and nonferrous scrap metal; and engages in the natural gas production and industrial gas business. This segment sells its ferrous scrap to electric arc furnace steel mills and foundries for manufacturing process; and nonferrous scrap metal to aluminum can producers, secondary aluminum smelters, steel mills and other processors, and consumers of various nonferrous metals. Nucor Corporation was founded in 1905 and is based in Charlotte, North Carolina."}, "VMC": {"ticker": "VMC", "name": "Vulcan Materials Company", "sector": "basic-materials", "description": "Vulcan Materials Company produces and supplies construction aggregates in the United States. It operates through three segments: Aggregates, Asphalt, and Concrete. The company provides crushed stone, sand and gravel, sand, and other aggregates for use in construction and maintenance of highways, streets, and other public works, as well as in the construction of housing and commercial, industrial, and other nonresidential facilities; aggregates that are used as ballast for construction and maintenance of railroad tracks; riprap and jetty stones for use in erosion control along roads and waterways; asphalt mix; asphalt construction paving services; and ready-mixed concrete products. The company was formerly known as Virginia Holdco, Inc. and changed its name to Vulcan Materials Company. Vulcan Materials Company was founded in 1909 and is headquartered in Birmingham, Alabama."}, "MLM": {"ticker": "MLM", "name": "Martin Marietta Materials, Inc.", "sector": "basic-materials", "description": "Martin Marietta Materials, Inc., a natural resource-based building materials company, supplies aggregates and heavy-side building materials to the construction industry in the United States and internationally. It operates through East Group and West Group segments. The company offers crushed stone, sand, and gravel products; ready mixed concrete and asphalt; and paving products and services for use in the infrastructure projects, and nonresidential and residential construction projects, as well as in the railroad, agricultural, utility, and environmental industries. It also produces magnesia-based chemicals products, and dolomitic lime primarily to customers for steel production and soil stabilization. Its chemical products are used in flame retardants, wastewater treatment, pulp and paper production, and other applications. The company was founded in 1939 and is based in Raleigh, North Carolina."}, "STLD": {"ticker": "STLD", "name": "Steel Dynamics, Inc.", "sector": "basic-materials", "description": "Steel Dynamics, Inc., together with its subsidiaries, operates as a steel producer and metal recycler in the United States. It operates through four segments: Steel Operations, Metals Recycling Operations, Steel Fabrication Operations, and Aluminum Operations. The Steel Operations segment offers hot rolled, cold rolled, and coated steel products; parallel flange beams and channel sections, large unequal leg angles, and reinforcing steel bars, standard strength carbon, intermediate alloy hardness, and premium grade rail products; engineered special-bar-quality products, merchant-bar-quality products, and other engineered round steel bars; channels, angles, flats, merchant rounds, and reinforcing steel bars; and specialty shapes and light structural steel products. This segment also engages in turning, polishing, straightening, chamfering, precision saw-cutting, and heat treating of bar products. Its products are used in construction, automotive, manufacturing, transportation, heavy and agricultural equipment, energy, and pipe and tube markets. The Metals Recycling Operations segment is involved in the ferrous and nonferrous scrap metal processing, transportation, marketing, brokerage, and scrap management services. Its ferrous products include heavy melting steel, busheling, bundled scrap, shredded scrap, steel turnings, and cast-iron products; and nonferrous products comprise aluminum, brass, copper, stainless steel, and other nonferrous metals. The Steel Fabrication Operations segment produces steel non-residential building components, such as steel joists, joist girders, and steel deck products for non-residential steel fabricators, metal building companies, general construction contractors, developers, property owners, brokers, and governmental entities. The Aluminum Operations segment offers recycled aluminum flat rolled products. The company also exports its products. Steel Dynamics, Inc. was incorporated in 1993 and is headquartered in Fort Wayne, Indiana."}, "PPG": {"ticker": "PPG", "name": "PPG Industries, Inc.", "sector": "basic-materials", "description": "PPG Industries, Inc. manufactures and distributes paints, coatings, and specialty materials in the United States, Canada, the Asia Pacific, Latin America, Europe, the Middle East, and Africa. It operates through three segments: Global Architectural Coatings, Performance Coatings, and Industrial Coatings. The Global Architectural Coatings segment supplies a variety of decorative coatings, adhesives, sealants, and finishes, as well as paint strippers, stains, and related chemicals. Its Performance Coatings segment offers aerospace coatings, automotive refinishing coatings, protective and marine coatings, and traffic solutions comprising paints, thermoplastics, raised pavement markers, and other technologies for pavement marking. The Industrial Coatings segment provides automotive OEM coatings, industrial coatings, and packaging coatings, as well as specialty products, such as optical monomers and coatings, low-friction coatings, and other specialty products. The company delivers its products to company-owned stores, home centers and other consumer retail outlets, paint dealers, concessionaires and independent distributors, company-owned distribution networks, and directly to manufacturing companies and retail customers. PPG Industries, Inc. was incorporated in 1883 and is headquartered in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania."}, "DOW": {"ticker": "DOW", "name": "Dow Inc.", "sector": "basic-materials", "description": "Dow Inc., through its subsidiaries, provides various materials science solutions for packaging, infrastructure, mobility, and consumer applications in the United States, Canada, Europe, the Middle East, Africa, India, the Asia Pacific, and Latin America. The company operates through Packaging & Specialty Plastics, Industrial Intermediates & Infrastructure, and Performance Materials & Coatings segments. The Packaging & Specialty Plastics segment provides ethylene, propylene, polyethylene, and aromatics products; and other ethylene derivatives, such as polyolefin elastomers, ethylene vinyl acetate, and ethylene propylene diene monomer rubber. The Industrial Intermediates & Infrastructure segment offers polyurethanes, including propylene oxide, propylene glycol, and polyether polyols; aromatic isocyanates and fully formulated polyurethane systems; and chlor-alkali and vinyl comprising chlorine and caustic soda, ethylene dichloride, and vinyl chloride monomer; and construction chemicals consisting of cellulose ethers, redispersible latex powders, and acrylic emulsions, as well as coatings, adhesives, sealants, elastomers, and composites. The Performance Materials & Coatings segment provides architectural paints and coatings, and industrial coatings; and acrylics-based building blocks, silicon metals, siloxanes, and intermediates. The company also engages in the property and casualty insurance, as well as reinsurance business. The company was founded in 1897 and is headquartered in Midland, Michigan."}, "ALB": {"ticker": "ALB", "name": "Albemarle Corporation", "sector": "basic-materials", "description": "Albemarle Corporation provides energy storage solutions worldwide. It operates through three segments: Energy Storage, Specialties, and Ketjen. The Energy Storage segment offers lithium compounds, including lithium carbonate, lithium hydroxide, and lithium chloride for use in lithium batteries used in consumer electronics and electric vehicles, power grids and solar panels, high performance greases, specialty glass used in consumer appliances and electronics. The Specialties segment provides bromine and highly specialized lithium solutions for various industries, such as energy, mobility, connectivity, and health comprising fire safety compounds; bromine-based specialty chemicals products, including elemental bromine, alkyl bromides, inorganic bromides, brominated powdered activated carbon, and various bromine fine chemicals; lithium specialties, such as butyllithium and lithium aluminum hydride; cesium products for the chemical and pharmaceutical industries; and zirconium, barium, and titanium products for pyrotechnical applications that include airbag initiators. This segment also provides organic synthesis processes in the areas of steroid chemistry and vitamins, and various life science applications, as well as intermediates in the pharmaceutical industry; technical services, including handling and use of reactive lithium products; and recycling services for lithium-containing by-products. The Ketjen segment offers clean fuels technologies, including hydroprocessing catalysts together with isomerization and akylation catalysts; fluidized catalytic cracking catalysts and additives; and performance catalyst solutions comprising organometallics and curatives. It serves grid storage, automotive, aerospace, conventional energy, electronics, construction, agriculture and food, pharmaceuticals and medical device industries. Albemarle Corporation was founded in 1887 and is headquartered in Charlotte, North Carolina."}, "RGLD": {"ticker": "RGLD", "name": "Royal Gold, Inc.", "sector": "basic-materials", "description": "Royal Gold, Inc., together with its subsidiaries, acquires and manages precious metal streams, royalties, and related interests in North America, South and Central America, Europe, the Middle East, Africa, and the Australia Pacific. It operates through Acquisition and Management of Stream Interests and Acquisition and Management of Royalty Interests segments. The company engages in the acquisition of existing stream and royalty interests; and the financing of projects that are in production, development, or in the exploration stage in exchange for stream or royalty interests, which consists of gold, silver, copper, nickel, zinc, lead, molybdenum, diamonds, uranium, iron, platinum, palladium, rhodium, lithium, titanium, cobalt, barite, tungsten, and coal. Its properties are located in Canada, Chile, the Dominican Republic, the United States, Zambia, Australia, Ghana, Brazil, Mexico, Bolivia, Argentina, Nicaragua, Macedonia, Botswana, Spain, and internationally. Royal Gold, Inc. was incorporated in 1981 and is based in Denver, Colorado."}, "LYB": {"ticker": "LYB", "name": "LyondellBasell Industries N.V.", "sector": "basic-materials", "description": "LyondellBasell Industries N.V. operates as a chemical company in the United States, Germany, China, Mexico, Italy, Japan, France, Poland, the Netherlands, and internationally. It operates in five segments: Olefins and Polyolefins\u0097Americas; Olefins and Polyolefins\u0097Europe, Asia, International; Intermediates and Derivatives; Advanced Polymer Solutions; and Technology. The company produces and markets olefins and co-products, such as ethylene, aromatics, propylene and butadiene; polyolefins; polyethylene; polypropylene homopolymers and copolymers; propylene oxide and derivatives; oxyfuels and related products; and intermediate chemicals, such as styrene monomer and acetyls. It also produces and markets compounding and solutions, including polypropylene compounds, engineered plastics, masterbatches, and engineered composites and colors. In addition, it develops and licenses chemical and polyolefin process technologies; and manufactures and sells polyolefin catalysts and serves food packaging, home furnishings, automotive components, and paints and coatings applications. LyondellBasell Industries N.V. was incorporated in 2009 and is headquartered in London, the United Kingdom."}, "CDE": {"ticker": "CDE", "name": "Coeur Mining, Inc.", "sector": "basic-materials", "description": "Coeur Mining, Inc. operates as a gold and silver producer in the United States, Canada, and Mexico. The company operates through Palmarejo, Rochester, Kensington, Wharf, Silvertip, and Las Chispas segments. It explores for gold, silver, zinc, lead, and other related metals. It markets and sells its concentrates to third-party customers, including refiners and smelters, under off-take agreements. The company was formerly known as Coeur d'Alene Mines Corporation and changed its name to Coeur Mining, Inc. in May 2013. Coeur Mining, Inc. was incorporated in 1928 and is headquartered in Chicago, Illinois."}, "DD": {"ticker": "DD", "name": "DuPont de Nemours, Inc.", "sector": "basic-materials", "description": "DuPont de Nemours, Inc. provides technology-based materials and solutions in the United States, Canada, the Asia Pacific, Latin America, Europe, the Middle East, and Africa. It operates through two segments, Healthcare & Water Technologies and Diversified Industrials. The company offers specialty components for medical devices, packaging and garments, and protective suits under the brand TYVEK; provides water filtration and separation solutions, including elements, modules, and systems serving primarily industrial wastewater and energy markets, municipal and desalination applications, and life sciences and specialty sectors. It also offers AMBERLITE ion exchange resins, FILMTEC reverse osmosis and nanofiltration elements, and INGE and ITEGRATEC ultrafiltration modules. In addition, the company offers engineered products and integrated solutions for the non-residential, residential, and repair-and-remodel construction markets, includes TYVEK house wrap, STYROFOAM insulation, and CORIAN solid surface. Further, it engages in the design and production of engineered components, systems, and process solutions used in OEM and operational applications, such as automotive, aerospace, printing, and packaging. Additionally, the company offers Vespel shapes and parts, MOLYKOTE specialty lubricants, BETAFORCE and BETASEAL structural adhesives, and Cyrel flexographic printing plates. The company was formerly known as DowDuPont Inc. and changed its name to DuPont de Nemours, Inc. in June 2019. DuPont de Nemours, Inc. was incorporated in 2015 and is headquartered in Wilmington, Delaware."}, "IFF": {"ticker": "IFF", "name": "International Flavors & Fragrances Inc.", "sector": "basic-materials", "description": "International Flavors & Fragrances Inc., together with its subsidiaries, manufactures and markets food, beverage, health and biosciences, scent, and complementary adjacent products in the United States, and internationally. It operates in through Taste, Food Ingredients, Health & Biosciences, and Scent segments. The Taste segment offers savory products such as soups, sauces, meat, fish, poultry, snacks; beverages consists of juice drinks, carbonated or flavored beverages, spirits; sweets comprising, bakery products, candy, cereal, chewing gum; and dairy products, such as yogurt, ice cream, cheese, and other products, as well as spices and seasoning ingredients for meat, food service, convenience, alternative protein and culinary products. The Food Ingredients segment provides natural, artificial, and plant-based specialty food ingredients; natural antioxidants and anti-microbials used for natural food preservation and shelf-life extension for beverages, cosmetic and healthcare products, pet food and feed additives; and savory solutions, such as spices, marinades, and mixtures, and inclusion products comprising  combining flavorings with fruit, vegetables and other natural ingredients, as well as soy and pea protein with value-added formulations, emulsifiers and sweeteners. The Health & Biosciences segment offers enzymes, food cultures, probiotics and specialty ingredients for food and non-food applications, as well as engages in health, food biosciences, home and personal care, animal nutrition and grain processing businesses. The Scent segment creates fragrance compounds, and fragrance ingredients. International Flavors & Fragrances Inc. was incorporated in 1909 and is headquartered in New York, New York."}, "CF": {"ticker": "CF", "name": "CF Industries Holdings, Inc.", "sector": "basic-materials", "description": "CF Industries Holdings, Inc., together with its subsidiaries, engages in the production of ammonia in North America, Europe, and internationally. It operates through Ammonia, Granular Urea, UAN, AN, and Other segments. The company offers ammonia products; nitrogen products, such as granular urea, urea ammonium nitrate solution, and ammonium nitrate; diesel exhaust fluid, urea liquor, and nitric acid products. It serves cooperatives, retailers, independent fertilizer distributors, traders, wholesalers, and industrial users. The company was founded in 1946 and is headquartered in Northbrook, Illinois."}, "AA": {"ticker": "AA", "name": "Alcoa Corporation", "sector": "basic-materials", "description": "Alcoa Corporation, together with its subsidiaries, engages in the bauxite mining, alumina refining, aluminum production, and energy generation business in Australia, Brazil, Canada, Iceland, Norway, Spain, the United States, and internationally. The company operates through two segments: Alumina and Aluminum. It operates bauxite and other aluminous ores mining and processes bauxite into alumina for sale to aluminum smelter customers and customers who process it into industrial chemical products through supply contracts to third parties, as well as aluminum smelting and casting businesses. The company also offers aluminium powder and scrap and primary aluminum in the form of commodity grade ingot and value-add ingot to customers that produce products for transportation, building and construction, packaging, wire, and other industrial markets. In addition, it provides energy that generates and sells electricity in the wholesale market to traders, large industrial consumers, distribution companies, and other generation companies. The company was formerly known as Alcoa Upstream Corporation and changed its name to Alcoa Corporation in May 2016. The company was founded in 1886 and is headquartered in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania."}, "RS": {"ticker": "RS", "name": "Reliance, Inc.", "sector": "basic-materials", "description": "Reliance, Inc. operates as a diversified metal solutions provider and metals service center company primarily in the United States and Canada. The company distributes metal products, including alloy, aluminum, brass, copper, carbon steel, stainless steel, titanium, and other specialty steel products; and provides metals processing services to consumer products, general manufacturing, non-residential construction, transportation, aerospace, energy, electronics and semiconductor fabrication, industrial machinery, and heavy industries. It sells its products directly to original equipment manufacturers, which primarily include small machine shops and fabricators. The company was formerly known as Reliance Steel & Aluminum Co. and changed its name to Reliance, Inc. in February 2024. Reliance, Inc. was founded in 1939 and is based in Phoenix, Arizona."}, "WLK": {"ticker": "WLK", "name": "Westlake Corporation", "sector": "basic-materials", "description": "Westlake Corporation manufactures and markets performance and essential materials, and housing and infrastructure products in the United States, Canada, Germany, China, Mexico, Brazil, France, Italy, and internationally. It operates through two segments, Performance and Essential Materials and The Housing and Infrastructure Products. The Performance and Essential Materials segment offers ethylene, polyethylene, chlor-alkali, chlorinated derivative products, ethylene dichloride, vinyl chloride monomer, polyvinyl chloride (PVC), epoxy specialty resins, and base epoxy resins and intermediaries. The Housing and Infrastructure Products segment provides residential PVC sidings; PVC trim and mouldings; architectural stone veneers; windows; PVC decking; polymer composite and cement roof tiles; PVC pipes and fittings for various water, sewer, electrical, and industrial applications; and PVC compounds for various housing, medical, and automobile products. This segment also offers consumer and commercial products, such as landscape edging; industrial, home, and office matting; marine dock edging; and masonry joint controls. It offers its products to chemical processors; plastics fabricators; small construction contractors; municipalities; and supply warehouses for use in various consumer and industrial markets, including residential construction, flexible and rigid packaging, automotive products, healthcare products, water treatment, wind turbines, and coatings, as well as other durable and non-durable goods. The company was formerly known as Westlake Chemical Corporation and changed its name to Westlake Corporation in February 2022. Westlake Corporation was founded in 1986 and is headquartered in Houston, Texas. Westlake Corporation is a subsidiary of TTWF LP."}, "RPM": {"ticker": "RPM", "name": "RPM International Inc.", "sector": "basic-materials", "description": "RPM International Inc. provides specialty chemicals for the construction, industrial, specialty, and consumer markets. It operates in four segments: CPG, PCG, Consumer, and SPG. The company offers waterproofing, coating, and traditional roofing systems; sealants, air barriers, tapes, and foams; residential home weatherization systems; roofing and building maintenance services; sealing and bonding, subfloor preparation, flooring, and glazing solutions; resin flooring systems, polyurethane, MMA waterproof, epoxy floor paint and coatings, concrete repair, and protection products; fire stopping and intumescent steel coating, and manufacturing industry solutions; and rolled asphalt roofing materials and chemical admixtures. It also provides concrete and masonry admixtures, concrete fibers, cement performance enhancers, curing and sealing compounds, structural grouts and mortars, epoxy adhesives, injection resins, polyurethane foams, floor hardeners and toppings, joint fillers, industrial and architectural coatings, decorative color/stains/stamps, restoration materials, concrete panel wall systems, flooring systems, fluorescent colorants and pigments, shellac-based-specialty and marine coatings, and fuel additives. It offers fiberglass reinforced plastic gratings and shapes; corrosion-control coating, containment and railcar lining, fire and sound proofing, heat and cryogenic insulation, and specialty construction products; amine curing agents, reactive diluents, and epoxy resins; fire and water damage restoration, carpet cleaning, and disinfecting products; wood treatments, coatings, and touch-up products; nail enamels, polishes, and coating components; paint contractors and DIYers, concrete restoration and flooring, metallic and faux finish coatings, cleaners, and hobby paints and cements; and caulks, adhesives, insulating foams, and patches, spackling, glazing, and repair products. The company was incorporated in 1947 and is headquartered in Medina, Ohio."}, "HL": {"ticker": "HL", "name": "Hecla Mining Company", "sector": "basic-materials", "description": "Hecla Mining Company, together with its subsidiaries, provides precious and base metals in the United States, Canada, Japan, Korea, China, and internationally. The company mines for silver, gold, lead, and zinc concentrates, as well as carbon material containing silver and gold for custom smelters, metal traders, and third-party processors; and unrefined dor\u00e9 containing silver and gold. The company was incorporated in 1891 and is headquartered in Coeur d'Alene, Idaho."}, "JHX": {"ticker": "JHX", "name": "James Hardie Industries plc", "sector": "basic-materials", "description": "James Hardie Industries plc engages in the manufacture and sale of fiber cement, fiber gypsum, and cement bonded boards in the United States, Australia, Europe, and New Zealand. It operates through four segments: Siding & Trim, Deck, Rail & Accessories, Australia & New Zealand, and Europe. The Siding & Trim segment manufactures fiber cement and PVC siding and trim products, mouldings, interior linings, and accessories under brands such as Hardie, AZEK Exteriors, and Versatex are used in both residential new construction and repair and remodel applications. The Deck, Rail & Accessories segment produces decking, railing, cladding, pergolas, cabanas, and related accessories, including wood-alternative decking and railing solutions offered under the TimberTech, ULTRALOX, and INTEX brands, as well as functional and decorative outdoor accessories, including drink rails, structural mounting posts, lighting systems and gate kits; and adjustable louvered pergola systems through StruXure. The Australia & New Zealand segment manufactures and sells fiber cement products for residential and commercial applications, including exterior cladding, interior wall linings, flooring, eaves and soffits, and fa\u00e7ade systems, primarily under the Hardie brand. The Europe segment produces fiber gypsum products and cement-bonded boards under the fermacell brand, and fiber cement products under the Hardie brand, serving residential and commercial repair, remodel, and new construction markets. The company offers its products through a network of specialty building products distributors, lumberyards, and home improvement retailers to builder's merchants, remodelers, DIY stores, and professional contractors. James Hardie Industries plc was founded in 1888 and is headquartered in Dublin, Ireland."}, "ESI": {"ticker": "ESI", "name": "Element Solutions Inc", "sector": "basic-materials", "description": "Element Solutions Inc operates as a specialty chemicals technology company in the United States, China, and internationally. The company operates in two segments: MacDermid Alpha Electronics Solutions and Element Specialties. Its MacDermid Alpha Electronics Solutions segment provides assembly solutions, including surface mount technologies, pastes fluxes, thermal management materials, coatings, and other attachment materials; circuitry solutions, such as circuit board metallization, circuit formation products, electronic materials, surface finishes, and film and smart surface solutions; and semiconductor solutions, which includes semiconductor assembly and wafer level packaging materials. This segment serves the mobile communications, computers, automobiles, and aerospace equipment industries. The Element Specialties segment offers industrial solutions, including electroless nickel, plating products, pre-treatment and cleaning solutions, functional conversion coatings, and water treatment; and energy solutions, which includes offshore fluids. This segment serves the aerospace, automotive, construction, consumer electronics, and oil and gas production end markets. The company was formerly known as Platform Specialty Products Corporation and changed its name to Element Solutions Inc in January 2019. Element Solutions Inc was founded in 1785 and is based in Miami Beach, Florida."}, "EMN": {"ticker": "EMN", "name": "Eastman Chemical Company", "sector": "basic-materials", "description": "Eastman Chemical Company operates as a specialty materials company in the United States, China, and internationally. The company's Additives & Functional Products segment offers amine derivative-based building blocks, intermediates for surfactants, metam-based soil fumigants, and organic acid-based solutions; specialty coalescent and solvents, paint additives, and specialty polymers; and heat transfer and aviation fluids. It serves transportation, personal care, wellness, food, feed, agriculture, building and construction, water treatment, energy, consumables, durables, and electronics markets. Its Advanced Materials segment provides copolyesters, cellulosic biopolymers, polyvinyl butyral sheets, polyester films and window and protective films for value-added end uses in the transportation, durables, electronics, building and construction, medical and pharma, and consumables end-markets. The company's Chemical Intermediates segment offers olefin and acetyl derivatives, methylamines and salts, higher amines and solvents, ethylene, and commodity solvents; and primary non-phthalate and phthalate plasticizers, and niche non-phthalate plasticizers for industrial chemicals and processing, building and construction, health and wellness, and food and feed. Its Fibers segment provides cellulose acetate tow, triacetin, cellulose acetate flake, acetic acid, and acetic anhydride for use in filtration media primarily cigarette filters; natural and solution dyed acetate yarns, and staple fiber for use in consumables, and health and wellness markets; and wet-laid nonwoven media, specialty and engineered papers, and cellulose acetate fibers for transportation, industrial, agriculture and mining, and aerospace markets. Eastman Chemical Company was founded in 1920 and is headquartered in Kingsport, Tennessee."}, "MOS": {"ticker": "MOS", "name": "The Mosaic Company", "sector": "basic-materials", "description": "The Mosaic Company, through its subsidiaries, produces and markets concentrated phosphate and potash crop nutrients. It operates in three segments: Phosphates, Potash, and Mosaic Fertilizantes. The company owns and operates mines and production facilities, which produce concentrated phosphate crop nutrients and phosphate-based animal feed ingredients, as well as concentrated phosphate crop nutrients, such as diammonium phosphate, monoammonium phosphate, and MicroEssentials, a value-added ammoniated phosphate product. It also mines, processes, and sells potash to crop nutrient manufacturers, distributors, retailers, and to customers for industrial use; and owns and operates mines, chemical plants, crop nutrient blending and bagging facilities, port terminals and warehouses, which produce and sell concentrated phosphate and potash-based crop nutrients, and phosphate-based animal feed ingredients. In addition, the company produces a double sulfate of potash magnesia product under the K-Mag brand; and purchases phosphate, potash, and nitrogen products to produce blended crop nutrients. Further, it offers triple superphosphate, single superphosphate, and dicalcium phosphate; feed phosphate under the Biofos and Nexfos brands; potash for de-icing and as a water softener regenerant; and phosphogypsum. The company sells its products to wholesale distributors, retail chains, cooperatives, independent retailers, and national accounts through its sales force. It also exports its products. The company operates in the United States, Brazil, China, Canada, Paraguay, Argentina, Japan, Colombia, India, Australia, Peru, Mexico, Honduras, the Dominican Republic, Indonesia, and internationally. The Mosaic Company was incorporated in 1987 and is headquartered in Tampa, Florida."}, "SSD": {"ticker": "SSD", "name": "Simpson Manufacturing Co., Inc.", "sector": "basic-materials", "description": "Simpson Manufacturing Co., Inc., together with its subsidiaries, designs, engineers, manufactures, and sells structural solutions for wood, concrete, and steel connections in the North America, Europe, and the Asia Pacific. The company provides structural products for wood construction, such as connectors, fasteners, and lateral-force resisting systems; anchor, repair, protection and strengthening products including coatings, sealers, mortars, fiberglass and fiber-reinforced polymer systems and asphalt products. In addition, the company offers engineering and design services, as well as software solutions. It markets its products to the residential construction, industrial, commercial and infrastructure construction, remodeling and do-it-yourself markets. It offers engineering and design services. It serves its products to dealers, home centers, wood component manufacturers, OEM-relationships, distributors, and contractors industries. The company was founded in 1956 and is headquartered in Pleasanton, California."}, "CE": {"ticker": "CE", "name": "Celanese Corporation", "sector": "basic-materials", "description": "Celanese Corporation produces and sells engineered polymers worldwide. It operates through Engineered Materials and Acetyl Chain segments. The company offers ethylene acrylic elastomers, ethylene vinyl acetate pharmaceutical grade copolymers, liquid crystal polymers, long-fiber reinforced thermoplastics, nylon and polypropylene compounds and formulations, polyoxymethylene, ultra-high molecular weight polyethylene, and thermoplastic elastomers, polyesters, and vulcanizates for use in appliance, automotive, construction, consumer apparel, consumer electronics, electrical, energy storage, filtration equipment, industrial, medical, and telecommunication applications. It also provides acetic acid and anhydride, acetate flakes and tows, butyl acetates, emulsion polymers, ethyl acetates, ethylene vinyl acetate resins and compounds, formaldehydes, redispersible powders, and vinyl acetate monomers for use in adhesives, automotive parts, coatings, consumer goods, external thermal insulation composite systems, films, filtration, flexible packaging, food and beverage, food packaging, inks, lamination, lubricants, paints, paper finishing, pharmaceuticals, plasticizers, plasters and renders, solvents, textiles, and tiling applications. The company offers its products under the Amcel, AOPlus, Ateva, Avicor, Celanese, Celanex, Celanyl, Celcon, Celstran, Celvolit, Clarifoil, Crastin, Dur-O-Set, Dytron, ECOMID, EcoVAE, Elotex, Factor, Flexbond, Forprene, FRIANYL, Fortron, Geolast, GHR, GUR, Hostaform, Hytrel, Laprene, Melinex, MetaLX, Mowilith, MT, Mylar, NILAMID, Nylfor, OmniLon, Pibifor, Pibiter, Polifor, Resyn, Rynite, Santoprene, SlideX, Sofprene, Sofpur, Talcoprene, Tarnoform, Tecnoprene, TufCOR, Tynex, Vamac, VAntage, Vectra, Vinac, Vinamul, VitalDose, Zenite, and Zytel brands. It sells its products directly to customers and through distributors; and original equipment manufacturers and suppliers. Celanese Corporation was founded in 1912 and is headquartered in Irving, Texas."}, "EXP": {"ticker": "EXP", "name": "Eagle Materials Inc.", "sector": "basic-materials", "description": "Eagle Materials Inc., through its subsidiaries, manufactures and sells heavy construction products and light building materials in the United States. The company operates in four segments: Cement, Concrete and Aggregates, Gypsum Wallboard, and Recycled Paperboard. It engages in the mining of limestone for the manufacture, production, distribution, and sale of portland cement, including Portland limestone cement; grinding and sale of slag; and mining of gypsum for the manufacture and sale of gypsum wallboards used to finish the interior walls and ceilings in residential, commercial, and industrial structures, as well as well as containerboard and lightweight packaging grades. The company is also involved in the manufacture and sale of recycled paperboard to the gypsum wallboard industry and other paperboard converters; sale of readymix concrete; and mining and sale of aggregates, such as crushed stone, sand, and gravel. Its products are used in commercial and residential construction; public construction projects to build, expand, and repair roads and highways; and repair and remodel activities. The company was formerly known as Centex Construction Products, Inc. and changed its name to Eagle Materials, Inc. in January 2004. Eagle Materials Inc. was founded in 1963 and is headquartered in Dallas, Texas."}, "AXTA": {"ticker": "AXTA", "name": "Axalta Coating Systems Ltd.", "sector": "basic-materials", "description": "Axalta Coating Systems Ltd., through its subsidiaries, manufactures, markets, and distributes high-performance coatings systems in North America, Europe, the Middle East, Africa, the Asia Pacific, and Latin America. The company operates through two segments, Performance Coatings and Mobility Coatings. It also offers water and solvent-borne products and systems to repair damaged vehicles for independent body shops, multi-shop operators, and original equipment manufacturers (OEM) dealership body shops. In addition, the company provides functional and decorative liquid, and powder coatings for building materials, cabinet, wood and luxury vinyl flooring, and furniture applications under the Imron Industrial, Tufcote Industrial, Corlar Industrial, Strenex Industrial, PercoTop, Voltatex, AquaEC, Durapon, Hydropon, UNRIVALED, Ceranamel, Alesta, Teodur, Nap-Gard, Abcite, and Plascoat brands. Further, it develops and supplies electrocoat, primer, the basecoat, and clearcoat products for OEMs of light and commercial vehicles; and coatings systems for various commercial applications, including HDT, MDT, bus, rail, motorcycles, marine and aviation, trailers, recreational vehicles, and personal sport vehicles under the Imron, Imron Elite, Centari, Rival, Corlar epoxy undercoats, and AquaEC brands. The company also offers products under the Audurra, Abcite, Alesta, AquaEC, Axalta Irus Mix, Axalta Irus Scan, Axalta NextJet, Axalta Nimbus, Centari, Ceranamel, Challenger, Chemophan, ColorNet, Cromax, Cromax Mosaic, Durapon 70, Duxone, Harmonized Coating Technologies, Hydropon, Imron ExcelPro, Imron Elite, Imron, Lutophen, Nap-Gard, Nason, Spies Hecker, Standox, Stollaquid, Syntopal, Syrox, Raptor, Rival, U-POL, and Vermeera brands. The company was formerly known as Axalta Coating Systems Bermuda Co., Ltd. and changed its name to Axalta Coating Systems Ltd. in August 2014. Axalta Coating Systems Ltd. was founded in 1866 and is headquartered in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania."}, "CENX": {"ticker": "CENX", "name": "Century Aluminum Company", "sector": "basic-materials", "description": "Century Aluminum Company, together with its subsidiaries, produces primary aluminum and alumina in the United States and Iceland. The company engages in the production of standard-grade and value-added primary aluminum products. It also owns and operates a carbon anode production facility in Vlissingen, the Netherlands; and operates aluminum reduction facilities or smelters; and bauxite mining and alumina refining in Jamaica. The company was founded in 1995 and is headquartered in Chicago, Illinois."}, "NEU": {"ticker": "NEU", "name": "NewMarket Corporation", "sector": "basic-materials", "description": "NewMarket Corporation, through its subsidiaries, primarily engages in the manufacture and sale of petroleum additives. It offers lubricant additives for use in various vehicle and industrial applications, including engine oils, transmission fluids, off-road powertrain and hydraulic systems, gear oils, hydraulic oils, turbine oils, and other applications where metal-to-metal moving parts are utilized; engine oil additives designed for passenger cars, motorcycles, on and off-road heavy duty commercial equipment, locomotives, and engines in ocean-going vessels; driveline additives designed for products, such as transmission fluids, axle fluids, and off-road powertrain fluids; and industrial additives designed for products for industrial applications consisting of hydraulic fluids, greases, industrial gear fluids, and industrial specialty applications comprising turbine oils. The company also provides fuel additives that are used to enhance the oil refining process and the performance of gasoline, diesel, biofuels, and other fuels to industry, government, original equipment manufacturers, and individual customers. In addition, it engages in the marketing of antiknock compounds, as well as contracted manufacturing and related services; and owns and manages a real property in Virginia. The company operates in North America, Latin America, the Asia Pacific, Europe, the Middle East, Africa, India, and internationally. NewMarket Corporation was founded in 1887 and is headquartered in Richmond, Virginia."}, "BCPC": {"ticker": "BCPC", "name": "Balchem Corporation", "sector": "basic-materials", "description": "Balchem Corporation develops, manufactures, and distributes specialty performance ingredients and products for the nutritional, food, pharmaceutical, animal health, medical device sterilization, plant nutrition, and industrial markets worldwide. It operates through three segments: Human Nutrition and Health, Animal Nutrition and Health, and Specialty Products. The Human Nutrition & Health segment supplies ingredients in the food and beverage industry. Its products include spray dried and emulsified powders, extrusion and agglomeration, blended lipid systems, liquid flavor delivery systems, juice and dairy bases, chocolate systems, and cereal systems, as well as ice cream bases and variegates. This segment offers specialty vitamin K2; microencapsulation solutions for various applications; and human grade choline nutrients and mineral amino acid chelated products for nutrition and health applications. The Animal Nutrition & Health segment provides microencapsulated products to enhance health and milk production and delivering nutrient supplements in ruminant animals; chelation technology, which offers enhanced nutrient absorption for various species of production and companion animals; methylsulfonylmethane; and choline chloride, a nutrient for monogastric animal health. The Specialty Products segment distributes ethylene oxide and ammonia primarily for use in the health care industry; and single use canisters for sterilizing re-usable devices. This segment also markets and sells propylene oxide, a fumigant to aid in the control of insects and microbiological spoilage, as well as to reduce bacterial and mold contamination in shell and processed nut meats, processed spices, cacao beans, cocoa powder, raisins, figs, and prunes; and chelated minerals for high value crops. It sells its products through sales force, independent distributors, and sales agents. The company was incorporated in 1967 and is headquartered in Montvale, New Jersey."}, "CLF": {"ticker": "CLF", "name": "Cleveland-Cliffs Inc.", "sector": "basic-materials", "description": "Cleveland-Cliffs Inc. operates as a steel producer in the United States and Canada. It offers hot-rolled, cold-rolled, and coated products, such as aluminized, electrogalvanized, and galvalume products, as well as galvanneal and hot-dipped galvanized products; stainless and electrical products, including GOES, NOES, and auto chrome; plate products; and slab and other steel products. The company also provides non- steelmaking products comprising stamped components, tool and die, and tubing; and scrap, iron ore, HBI, coal, and coke products. It also provides tubular components, including carbon steel, stainless steel, and electric resistance welded tubing products. In addition, the company is involved in the mining of iron ore; production of pellets and direct reduced iron; and processing of ferrous scrap through primary steelmaking and downstream finishing, stamping, tooling, and tubing. It serves direct automotive, infrastructure and manufacturing, distributors and converters, and steel producers. The company was formerly known as Cliffs Natural Resources Inc. and changed its name to Cleveland-Cliffs Inc. in August 2017. Cleveland-Cliffs Inc. was founded in 1847 and is headquartered in Cleveland, Ohio."}, "UFPI": {"ticker": "UFPI", "name": "UFP Industries, Inc.", "sector": "basic-materials", "description": "UFP Industries, Inc., together with its subsidiaries, designs, manufactures, and supplies wood and non-wood composites, and other materials in the United States and internationally. It operates through three segments: Retail, Construction, and Packaging. The Retail segment offers pressure-treated and fire-retardant products under the ProWood brand; lawn and garden products, such as wood and vinyl fencing and lattice, garden beds and planters, pergolas, picnic tables, and other landscaping products under the Outdoor Essentials brand; wood plastic composite; mineral based composite decking and related decking accessories, including aluminum railing systems, balusters, and post caps under the Surestone brand; customized and aluminum fencing; exterior siding, pattern, trim, and fascia products; and pre-painted and primed shiplap, and project boards. The Packaging segment designs, engineers, manufactures, and tests custom packaging products made of wood and metal; designs and manufactures pallets made of wood and heat-treated wood; and provides corrugate, foam, labels, strapping, and films. The Construction segment designs and manufactures roof trusses, cut-to-size dimensional and board lumber, plywood, and oriented strand board; designs and manufactures roof and floor trusses, wall panels, I-joists, lumber packages, and engineered wood components used to frame residential and light commercial projects. This segment also engages in the designing, manufacturing, and installing of customized interior fixtures, casework, and architectural millwork used in retail and commercial structures; designs, manufactures, and supplies wood forms and related products for residential building, non-residential building, distribution, and infrastructure verticals. The company was formerly known as Universal Forest Products, Inc. and changed its name to UFP Industries, Inc. in April 2020. UFP Industries, Inc. was incorporated in 1955 and is headquartered in Grand Rapids, Michigan."}, "HCC": {"ticker": "HCC", "name": "Warrior Met Coal, Inc.", "sector": "basic-materials", "description": "Warrior Met Coal, Inc. engages in the production and export of non-thermal steelmaking coal for the steel production by metal manufacturers in Europe, South America, and Asia. It offers hard-coking coal through the operation of underground mines located in Alabama. The company also sells natural gas extracted as a byproduct from coal production. Warrior Met Coal, Inc. was incorporated in 2015 and is headquartered in Brookwood, Alabama."}, "SXT": {"ticker": "SXT", "name": "Sensient Technologies Corporation", "sector": "basic-materials", "description": "Sensient Technologies Corporation, together with its subsidiaries, manufactures and markets colors, flavors, and other specialty ingredients worldwide. It operates in three segments: Flavors & Extracts, Color, and Asia Pacific. The Flavors & Extracts segment develops, manufactures, and supplies flavor systems for the food, beverage, and personal care industries under the Sensient Flavors and Sensient Agricultural Ingredients brands. This segment produces flavor, extract, and essential oil products; Agricultural Ingredients, such as dehydrated garlic, onion, and other agricultural ingredients for food processors; systems products, including flavor-delivery systems, taste modulation systems, and compounded and blended products; and selected ingredient products, such as natural and synthetic flavors, natural extracts, and essential oils. The Color segment develops, manufactures, and supplies colors. This segment provides natural and synthetic color systems for the food, beverage, pharmaceutical, and nutraceutical sectors; colors and other ingredients, such as active ingredients, solubilizers, and surface-treated pigments for personal care; pharmaceutical and nutraceutical excipients, including colors, flavors, and coatings; and technical colors for industrial applications under the Sensient Food Colors, Sensient Pharmaceutical, Sensient Beauty, and Sensient Specialty Markets brand names. The Asia Pacific segment markets its products in the Pacific Rim and India under the Sensient name. In addition, the company produces and distributes chili powder, paprika, chili pepper, and parsley products. Sensient Technologies Corporation was incorporated in 1882 and is headquartered in Milwaukee, Wisconsin."}, "GOOG": {"ticker": "GOOG", "name": "Alphabet Inc.", "sector": "communication-services", "description": "Alphabet Inc. offers various products and platforms in the United States, Europe, the Middle East, Africa, the Asia-Pacific, Canada, and Latin America. It operates through Google Services, Google Cloud, and Other Bets segments. The Google Services segment provides products and services, including ads, Android, Chrome, devices, Gmail, Google Drive, Google Maps, Google Photos, Google Play, Search, and YouTube. It is also involved in the sale of apps and in-app purchases and digital content in Google Play and YouTube; and devices, as well as the provision of YouTube consumer subscription services, such as YouTube TV, YouTube Music and Premium, NFL Sunday Ticket, and Google One. The Google Cloud segment offers consumption-based fees and subscriptions for AI solutions, including AI infrastructure, Vertex AI platform, and Gemini enterprise. It also provides cybersecurity, and data and analytics services; Google Workspace that include cloud-based communication and collaboration tools for enterprises, such as Calendar, Gmail, Docs, Drive, and Meet; and other enterprise services. The Other Bets segment sells transportation and internet services. Alphabet Inc. was incorporated in 1998 and is headquartered in Mountain View, California."}, "META": {"ticker": "META", "name": "Meta Platforms, Inc.", "sector": "communication-services", "description": "Meta Platforms, Inc. engages in the development of products that enable people to connect and share with friends and family through mobile devices, personal computers, virtual reality (VR) headsets, and AI glasses in the United States, Canada, Europe, Asia-Pacific, and internationally. It operates through two segments, Family of Apps (FoA) and Reality Labs (RL). The FoA segment offers Facebook, which enables people to build community through feed, reels, stories, groups, marketplace, and other; Instagram that brings people closer through Instagram feed, stories, reels, live, and messaging; Messenger, a messaging application for people to connect with friends, family, communities, and businesses across platforms and devices through text, audio, and video calls; Meta AI, an assistant that's available across apps, as a stand-alone app, on AI glasses, and on the web; Threads, an application for text-based updates and public conversations; and WhatsApp, a messaging application that is used by people and businesses to communicate and transact. The RL segment provides virtual and augmented reality products, including consumer hardware, software, and content that help people feel connected, as well as Meta Quest devices that enable social experiences across gaming, fitness, entertainment, and more. The segment also includes wearables such as AI glasses like Ray Ban Meta and Oakley Meta glasses; and the Meta Ray Ban Display, which combines AI glasses with an integrated lens display and the Meta Neural Band, a wrist worn device using electromyography that lets people control their AI glasses through neuromuscular signals. Meta Platforms, Inc. has a collaboration with Microsoft Corporation, NVIDIA Corporation, Advanced Micro Devices, Inc., Broadcom Inc., and OpenAI, L.L.C. The company was formerly known as Facebook, Inc. and changed its name to Meta Platforms, Inc. in October 2021. The company was incorporated in 2004 and is headquartered in Menlo Park, California."}, "NFLX": {"ticker": "NFLX", "name": "Netflix, Inc.", "sector": "communication-services", "description": "Netflix, Inc. provides entertainment services worldwide. The company offers television (TV) series, documentaries, feature films, games, and live programming across various genres and languages. It also provides members the ability to receive streaming content through a host of internet-connected devices, including TVs, digital video players, TV set-top boxes, and mobile devices. Netflix, Inc. was incorporated in 1997 and is headquartered in Los Gatos, California."}, "TMUS": {"ticker": "TMUS", "name": "T-Mobile US, Inc.", "sector": "communication-services", "description": "T-Mobile US, Inc., together with its subsidiaries, provides wireless communications services in the United States, Puerto Rico, and the United States Virgin Islands. The company offers voice, messaging, and data services to postpaid, prepaid, and wholesale and other services customers. It also provides wireless devices, including smartphones, wearables, tablets, home broadband gateways, headsets, and other mobile communication devices, as well as accessories; financing through equipment installment plans; reinsurance for device insurance policies and extended warranty contracts. The company offers services under the T-Mobile, Metro by T-Mobile, and Mint Mobile brands through its owned and operated retail stores, customer care channels, national retailers, and its websites, as well as through T-Mobile, Metro by T-Mobile, and Mint Mobile apps. It also sells devices to dealers and other third-party distributors for resale through independent third-party retail outlets and various third-party websites. The company was founded in 1994 and is headquartered in Bellevue, Washington. T-Mobile US, Inc. operates as a subsidiary of Deutsche Telekom AG."}, "VZ": {"ticker": "VZ", "name": "Verizon Communications Inc.", "sector": "communication-services", "description": "Verizon Communications Inc., through its subsidiaries, engages in the provision of communications, technology, information, and streaming products and services to consumers, businesses, and governmental entities worldwide. It operates in two segments, Verizon Consumer Group (Consumer) and Verizon Business Group (Business). The Consumer segment provides wireless services across the wireless networks in the United States under the Verizon and TracFone brands and through wholesale and other arrangements; and fixed wireless access (FWA) broadband through its wireless networks, as well as related equipment and devices, such as smartphones, tablets, smartwatches, and other wireless-enabled connected devices. The segment also offers wireline services in the Mid-Atlantic and Northeastern United States, as well as Washington D.C. through its fiber-optic network, Verizon Fios product portfolio, and a copper-based network. The Business segment provides wireless and wireline communications services and products, including FWA and wireline broadband, advanced communication services, corporate networking, security and managed network, local and long-distance voice, and network access services to deliver various IoT services and products to businesses, government customers, and wireless and wireline carriers in the United States and internationally. The company distributes its products and services through direct channels, company-operated stores, digital and omnichannel platforms, indirect agents, business solution resellers, and national retailers. The company was formerly known as Bell Atlantic Corporation and changed its name to Verizon Communications Inc. in June 2000. Verizon Communications Inc. was incorporated in 1983 and is headquartered in New York, New York."}, "DIS": {"ticker": "DIS", "name": "The Walt Disney Company", "sector": "communication-services", "description": "The Walt Disney Company operates as an entertainment company in Americas, Europe, and the Asia Pacific. It operates in three segments: Entertainment, Sports, and Experiences. The company produces and distributes film and television content under the ABC Television Network, Disney, Freeform, FX, Fox, National Geographic, and Star brand television channels, as well as ABC television stations and A+E television networks; and produces original content under the Disney Branded Television, FX Productions, Lucasfilm, Marvel, National Geographic Studios, Pixar, Searchlight Pictures, Twentieth Century Studios, 20th Television, and Walt Disney Pictures banners. It also provides direct-to-consumer streaming services through Disney+, Disney+ Hotstar, and Hulu; sports-related video streaming content through ESPN, ESPN on ABC, ESPN+ DTC, and Star; sale/licensing of film and episodic content to television and video-on-demand services; theatrical, home entertainment, and music distribution services; DVD and Blu-ray discs, electronic home video licenses, and VOD rental services; staging and licensing of live entertainment events; and post-production services. In addition, the company operates theme parks and resorts, such as Walt Disney World Resort, Disneyland Resort, Disneyland Paris, Hong Kong Disneyland Resort, Shanghai Disney Resort, Disney Cruise Line, Disney Vacation Club, National Geographic Expeditions, and Adventures by Disney, as well as Aulani, a Disney resort and spa in Hawaii. Further, it licenses its intellectual property (IP) to a third party that owns and operates Tokyo Disney Resort; licenses trade names, characters, visual, literary, and other IP for use on merchandise, published materials, and games; operates a direct-to-home satellite distribution platform; sells branded merchandise through retail, online, and wholesale businesses; and develops and publishes books, comic books, and magazines. The company was founded in 1923 and is based in Burbank, California."}, "T": {"ticker": "T", "name": "AT&T Inc.", "sector": "communication-services", "description": "AT&T Inc. provides telecommunications and technology services worldwide. It operates through two segments, Communications and Latin America. The Communications segment offers wireless voice and data communications services; and sells handsets, wireless data cards, wireless computing devices, carrying cases/protective covers, and wireless chargers through its own company-owned stores, agents, and third-party retail stores. It also provides AT&T Dedicated Internet, fiber ethernet and broadband, fixed wireless, and hosted and managed professional services; and copper-based voice and data, Virtual Private Networks (VPN), wholesale, outsourcing, and IP, as well as customer premises equipment for multinational corporations, small and mid-sized businesses, governmental, and wholesale customers. In addition, this segment offers broadband services, including fiber connections, legacy telephony voice communication services, and other VoIP services and equipment to residential customers. This segment markets its communications services and products under the AT&T, AT&T Business, Cricket, AT&T PREPAID, AT&T Fiber, and AT&T Internet Air brand names. Its Latin America segment provides postpaid and prepaid wireless services in Mexico under the AT&T and Unefon brand names, as well as sells smartphones through its stores, agents and third-party retail stores. The company was formerly known as SBC Communications Inc. and changed its name to AT&T Inc. in 2005. AT&T Inc. was incorporated in 1983 and is based in Dallas, Texas."}, "SPOT": {"ticker": "SPOT", "name": "Spotify Technology S.A.", "sector": "communication-services", "description": "Spotify Technology S.A., together with its subsidiaries, provides audio streaming subscription services worldwide. It operates in two segments, Premium and Ad-Supported. The Premium segment offers online and offline streaming access to its catalog of music and podcasts, including video, lossless music, and audiobooks in select markets through subscription offerings primarily sold directly to end users and partners. The Ad-Supported segment provides limited on-demand online access to its catalog of music and online and offline access to its catalog of podcasts on computers, tablets, mobile devices, and other smart devices. The company also offers sales, distribution and marketing, contract research and development, and customer and other support services. Spotify Technology S.A. was incorporated in 2006 and is headquartered in Stockholm, Sweden."}, "CMCSA": {"ticker": "CMCSA", "name": "Comcast Corporation", "sector": "communication-services", "description": "Comcast Corporation operates as a media and technology company worldwide. The company operates through Residential Connectivity & Platforms, Business Services Connectivity, Media, Studios, and Theme Parks segments. Its Residential Connectivity & Platforms segment provides residential broadband and wireless connectivity services, residential and business video services, sky-branded entertainment television networks, and advertising. The Business Services Connectivity segment offers connectivity services for small business locations, which include broadband, wireline voice, and wireless services; and ethernet network services for medium-sized customers and larger enterprises. Its Media segment operates NBCUniversal's national and regional cable networks; the NBC and Telemundo broadcast networks and owned local broadcast television stations; and Peacock, a direct-to-consumer streaming services. The company also operates international television networks comprising the Sky Sports networks, as well as other digital properties. Its Studios segment operates NBCUniversal and Sky film and television studio production and distribution operations. The Theme Parks segment operates Universal theme parks in Orlando, Florida; Hollywood, California; Osaka, Japan; and Beijing, China. It also offers a consolidated streaming platforms under the Philadelphia Flyers and the Xfinity Mobile Arena in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania; and Xumo. Comcast Corporation was founded in 1963 and is headquartered in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania."}, "WBD": {"ticker": "WBD", "name": "Warner Bros. Discovery, Inc.", "sector": "communication-services", "description": "Warner Bros. Discovery, Inc. operates as a media and entertainment company worldwide. It operates through three segments: Streaming, Studios, and Global Linear Networks. The Streaming segment offers streaming services, such as HBO Max and discovery+, and premium pay-TV services, including HBO and certain premium sports streaming products for mobile and connected TV devices. The Studios segment is involved in the production and release of feature films for initial exhibition in theaters, production and initial licensing of television programs to third parties and its networks/streaming services. This segment also distributes films and television programs to various third-party and internal television, streaming services, and physical and digital home entertainment markets; related consumer products and themed experience licensing; and publishes, develops, licenses, and distributes content for the interactive space in platforms, including console, handheld, mobile, and PC-based gaming for both internal and third-party game titles. The Global Linear Networks segment provides general and lifestyle entertainment networks, news networks; and hosts international media networks and global sports networks. In addition, the company offers a portfolio of content and products for television, film, streaming, interactive gaming, publishing, themed experiences, and consumer products under the Discovery Channel, HBO Max, CNN, DC Studios, TNT Sports, HBO, Food Network, TLC, TBS, Warner Bros. Motion Picture Group, Warner Bros. Television Group, Warner Bros. Games, Adult Swim, Turner Classic Movies, and other brands. Warner Bros. Discovery, Inc. was incorporated in 2008 and is headquartered in New York, New York."}, "EA": {"ticker": "EA", "name": "Electronic Arts Inc.", "sector": "communication-services", "description": "Electronic Arts Inc. develops, markets, publishes, and delivers games, content, and services for game consoles, PCs, and mobile phones worldwide. It develops and publishes games and experiences across diverse genres, such as sports, racing, first-person shooter, action, role-playing, and simulation; and live services offerings, including extra content and subscription offerings through its global football and American football franchises, such as EA SPORTS College Football and EA SPORTS Madden NFL, as well as based on its IP comprising The Sims, Apex Legends, and Battlefield. The company markets and sells its games and services through digital distribution and retail channels; and directly to mass market retailers, specialty stores, and distribution arrangements. Electronic Arts Inc. was incorporated in 1982 and is headquartered in Redwood City, California."}, "TTWO": {"ticker": "TTWO", "name": "Take-Two Interactive Software, Inc.", "sector": "communication-services", "description": "Take-Two Interactive Software, Inc. develops, publishes, and markets interactive entertainment solutions for consumers worldwide. The company develops and publishes action/adventure products under the Grand Theft Auto, LA Noire, Max Payne, Midnight Club, and Red Dead Redemption names, as well as other franchises. It also publishes various entertainment properties across various platforms and a range of genres, such as shooter, action, role-playing, strategy, sports, and family/casual entertainment under the BioShock, Mafia, Sid Meier's Civilization, XCOM series, Borderlands, and Tiny Tina's Wonderland names. In addition, the company publishes sports simulation titles comprising NBA 2K series, a basketball video game; the WWE 2K professional wrestling series; mobile titles, including WWE SuperCard; and PGA TOUR 2K. Further, it offers free-to-play mobile games, such as CSR Racing, Dragon City, Empires & Puzzles, FarmVille 3, Game of Thrones: Legends, Golf Rival, Harry Potter: Puzzles & Spells, Hit It Rich!, Match Factory!, Merge Dragons!, Merge Magic!, Monster Legends, NBA 2K, Toon Blast, Top Eleven, Wizard Of Oz Slots Casino, Toy Blast, Words With Friends, and Zynga Poker; and Color Block Jam. The company's products are designed for console gaming systems; and mobiles, such as smartphones, tablets, and personal computers. It provides its products through physical retail, digital download, online platforms, and cloud streaming services. Take-Two Interactive Software, Inc. was incorporated in 1993 and is based in New York, New York."}, "SATS": {"ticker": "SATS", "name": "EchoStar Corporation", "sector": "communication-services", "description": "EchoStar Corporation provides pay-tv services in the United States, Mexico, Canada, South and Central America, Asia, Africa, Australia, Europe, India, and the Middle East. The Pay-TV segment offers a direct broadcast and fixed satellite, owned and leased satellites, leased fiber optic networks, in-home services, and call center operation services; digital broadcast operations, including satellite uplinking/downlinking, transmission and, other services to third-party pay-TV providers; multichannel, live-linear and on-demand streaming over-the-top Internet-based domestic, international, Latino, and Freestream video programming services; and receiver systems. Its Wireless segment provides wireless communication services and products; and a range of wireless devices. The Broadband and Satellite Services offers broadband satellite technologies, and internet products and services to consumer customers, including home and small to medium-sized businesses; managed services, equipment, hardware, satellite services, and communications solutions to government and enterprise customers, as well as to the unserved and underserved consumer, enterprise, aeronautical, and government markets; and integrated multi-transport solutions that enable airline and airline service providers to deliver in-flight network connectivity. This segment also designs, provides, and installs gateway and terminal equipment to customers for other satellite systems; and designs, develops, constructs, and provides telecommunication networks comprising satellite ground segment systems and terminals to mobile system operators and enterprise customers. Its Other segment consists of 5G network and 5G network deployment operations. The company sells its products and services under the Boost Mobile, DISH, Gen Mobile, Hughes, Hughesnet, and Sling brands. The company was formerly known as EchoStar Holding Corporation. EchoStar Corporation was founded in 1980 and is headquartered in Englewood, Colorado."}, "LYV": {"ticker": "LYV", "name": "Live Nation Entertainment, Inc.", "sector": "communication-services", "description": "Live Nation Entertainment, Inc. operates as a live entertainment company worldwide. The company operates through Concerts, Ticketing, and Sponsorship & Advertising segments. Its Concerts segment promotes live music events in its owned or operated venues, and in rented third-party venues. This segment operates and manages music venues; produces music festivals; creates associated content; and offers management and other services to artists. The Ticketing segment manages the ticketing operations, including the provision of ticketing software and services to consumers with marketplace for tickets and event information through mobile apps, other websites, and retail outlets, as well as its websites, such as livenation.com and ticketmaster.com; and provides ticket resale services. This segment offers ticketing services for arenas, stadiums, amphitheaters, music clubs, concert promoters, professional sports franchises and leagues, college sports teams, performing arts venues, museums, and theaters. Its Sponsorship & Advertising segment sells international, national, and local sponsorships and placement of advertising, including signage, online advertising, and promotional programs; rich media offering, including advertising related with live streaming and music-related content; and ads through distribution network of venues, events, and websites. This segment also manages the development of strategic sponsorship programs, as well as develops, books, and produces custom events or programs for specific brands. It owns, operates, or leases entertainment venues. The company was formerly known as Live Nation, Inc. and changed its name to Live Nation Entertainment, Inc. in January 2010. Live Nation Entertainment, Inc. was incorporated in 2005 and is headquartered in Beverly Hills, California."}, "CHTR": {"ticker": "CHTR", "name": "Charter Communications, Inc.", "sector": "communication-services", "description": "Charter Communications, Inc. operates as a broadband connectivity company in the United States. The company offers subscription-based internet, mobile, video, and voice services; broadband connectivity services, including fixed internet, WiFi, and mobile; Spectrum internet products; advanced WiFi services; and in-home WiFi, which provides customers with high performance wireless routers and managed WiFi services to enhance their wireless internet experience. It also offers wireline voice communications services using voice over internet protocol technology; Call Guard, an advanced caller ID and robocall blocking solution; video programming and video services, including access to an interactive programming guide with parental controls, video on demand and pay-per-view services; and broadband communications solutions, such as internet access, data networking, fiber connectivity, video entertainment, and business telephone services. In addition, the company provides advertising services on cable television networks, various streaming services, and advertising platforms for local, regional and national businesses. Further, it offers production and technical services for regional sports networks; owns and manages local news channels, including Spectrum News NY1\u00ae and Spectrum News SoCal; and delivers broadband connectivity solutions to apartments, single-family gated communities, off-campus student housing, senior residences, and RV parks. The company was founded in 1993 and is headquartered in Stamford, Connecticut."}, "FOXA": {"ticker": "FOXA", "name": "Fox Corporation", "sector": "communication-services", "description": "Fox Corporation operates as a news, sports, and entertainment company in the United States. It operates in four segments: Cable Network Programming, Television, Credible, and The FOX Studio Lot. The Cable Network Programming segment produces and licenses news and sports content for distribution through traditional cable television systems, direct broadcast satellite operators, telecommunication companies, virtual multi-channel video programming distributors, and other digital platforms. Its Television segment produces, acquires, markets, and distributes programming through the FOX broadcast network, advertising-supported video-on-demand service Tubi, and operates full power broadcast television stations, including duopolies and other digital platforms. This segment also produces content for third parties. The Credible segment engages in the consumer finance marketplace. Its FOX Studio Lot segment provides television and film production services along with office space, studio operation services, and all operations of the facility. Fox Corporation was incorporated in 2018 and is headquartered in New York, New York."}, "OMC": {"ticker": "OMC", "name": "Omnicom Group Inc.", "sector": "communication-services", "description": "Omnicom Group Inc., together with its subsidiaries, offers advertising, marketing, and corporate communications services. It provides a range of services in the areas of media and advertising, precision marketing, public relations, healthcare, branding and retail commerce, experiential, execution, and support. The company's services include advertising, branding, content marketing, crisis communications, customer data analytics and data-driven decision making, customer relationship management, decision sciences, digital experience design, digital transformation, e-commerce optimization, entertainment marketing, experiential marketing, field marketing, healthcare marketing and communications, in-store design, investor relations, and marketing research.Its services also comprise media planning and buying, merchandising and point of sale, mobile marketing, multi-cultural marketing, organizational communications, package design, performance marketing, product placement, promotional marketing, public affairs, public relations, retail media and e-commerce, shopper marketing, structured innovation, studio production, social media and influencer marketing, and sports and event marketing. It operates in the North and Latin America, Europe, the Middle East and Africa (EMEA), and the Asia Pacific. The company was incorporated in 1944 and is based in New York, New York."}, "FWONA": {"ticker": "FWONA", "name": "Formula One Group", "sector": "communication-services", "description": "Formula One Group, together with its subsidiaries, engages in the motorsports business in the United States, the United Kingdom, Spain, and internationally. The company holds commercial rights for the F\u00e9d\u00e9ration Internationale de l'Automobile (FIA) Formula One World Championship, an annual nine-month long motor race-based competition in which teams compete for the Constructors' championship and drivers compete for the Drivers' championship. It is also involved in filming, television production and post-production, and digital and social media activities; provision of freight, logistical, and travel related services, as well as technical support at Formula 1 events; production of the international television feed; and operation of the Formula 1 Paddock Club hospitality program, F2 and F3 race series, and F1 Academy. The company was founded in 1950 and is headquartered in Englewood, Colorado. Formula One Group operates as a subsidiary of Liberty Media Corporation."}, "ROKU": {"ticker": "ROKU", "name": "Roku, Inc.", "sector": "communication-services", "description": "Roku, Inc., together with its subsidiaries, operates a TV streaming platform in the United States and internationally. The company operates in two segments, Platform and Devices. Its streaming platform allows users to find and access TV shows, movies, news, sports, and others, as well as offers digital advertising services. The company also sells streaming players, Roku-branded TVs, smart home products and services, audio products, and related accessories. Roku, Inc. was incorporated in 2002 and is headquartered in San Jose, California."}, "NWSA": {"ticker": "NWSA", "name": "News Corporation", "sector": "communication-services", "description": "News Corporation, a media and information services company, creates and distributes authoritative and engaging content, and other products and services for consumers and businesses. It operates through five segments: Digital Real Estate Services, Dow Jones, Book Publishing, News Media, and Other. The company distributes content and data products through various media channels, such as newspapers, newswires, websites, mobile apps, newsletters, magazines, proprietary databases, live journalism, video, and podcasts under the MarketWatch, The Wall Street Journal, Barron's, Investor's Business Daily, Factiva, Dow Jones Risk & Compliance, Dow Jones Newswires, and Dow Jones Energy brands. It also owns and operates Monday to Friday, Saturday and Sunday, weekly, and bi-weekly newspapers comprising The Australian, The Weekend Australian, The Daily Telegraph, The Sunday Telegraph, Herald Sun, Sunday Herald Sun, The Courier Mail, The Sunday Mail, The Advertiser, Sunday Mail, The Sun, The Sun on Sunday, The Times, The Sunday Times, and New York Post, as well as digital mastheads and other websites. In addition, the company publishes general fiction, nonfiction, children's, and religious books; and operates Storyful, a social media content agency, as well as sports radio network and news channels. Further, it offers property and property-related advertising and services on its websites and mobile applications; digital real estate services; and financial services. The company has operations in the United States, Canada, Europe, Australasia, and internationally. News Corporation was incorporated in 2012 and is headquartered in New York, New York."}, "TKO": {"ticker": "TKO", "name": "TKO Group Holdings, Inc.", "sector": "communication-services", "description": "TKO Group Holdings, Inc. operates as a sports and entertainment company. The company operates through three segments: UFC, WWE and IMG. The UFC segment distributes programming content; ticket sales and site fees associated with the business's global live events; partnerships and marketing; and consumer products licensing agreements of UFC-branded products. The WWE segment consists of media rights fees associated with the distribution of its programming content; ticket sales and site fees associated with the business's global live events; partnerships and marketing; and consumer products licensing agreements of WWE-branded products. The IMG segment specializing in media rights management and sales, multi-channel content production and distribution, brand partnerships, strategic consulting, digital services, and event management. This segment also offers hospitality business, offering ticketing, curated guest experiences, live event production and travel management services. It is also involved in the merchandising of video games, apparel, equipment, trading cards, memorabilia, digital goods, and toys. In addition, the company engages in the sponsorships and advertising business, which offers sale of in-venue and in-broadcast advertising assets, content product integration, and digital impressions. The company was incorporated in 2023 and is based in New York, New York. TKO Group Holdings, Inc. is a subsidiary of WME Group, Inc."}, "TIGO": {"ticker": "TIGO", "name": "Millicom International Cellular S.A.", "sector": "communication-services", "description": "Millicom International Cellular S.A. engages in the provision cable and mobile services in Latin America. The company offers mobile services, including mobile data and voice, and short message services; and mobile financial services, such as payments, money transfers, international remittances, savings, real-time loans, and micro-insurance. In addition, the company provides fixed services, including broadband, fixed voice, and pay-TV; and fixed-voice and data telecommunications services, managed services, cloud and security solutions, and value-added services; and tower infrastructure and services. The company serves small, medium, and large businesses, as well as residential consumers and governmental entities. It markets its products and services under the Tigo and Tigo Business brands. The company was founded in 1990 and is headquartered in Luxembourg, Luxembourg."}, "PSKY": {"ticker": "PSKY", "name": "Paramount Skydance Corporation", "sector": "communication-services", "description": "Paramount Skydance Corporation operates as a media and entertainment company worldwide. It operates in three segments: Studios, Direct-to-Consumer, and TV Media. The company operates CBS Television Network, a domestic broadcast television network; CBS Stations, a television station; international free-to-air networks comprising Network 10, Channel 5, Telefe, and Chilevisi\u00f3n; and domestic premium and basic cable networks, such as Nickelodeon, MTV, CMT, Comedy Central, BET, Paramount+ with SHOWTIME, Paramount Network, The Smithsonian Channel, BET Media Group, CBS Sports Network, and international extensions of these brands. It also provides domestic and international television studio operations, including CBS Studios, Paramount Television Studios, and Showtime; CBS Media Ventures, which produces and distributes first-run syndicated programming; and digital properties consist of CBS News and CBS Sports HQ. In addition, the company offers a portfolio of domestic and international pay and free streaming services, including Paramount+, Pluto TV, and BET+. Further, it produces and acquires films, series, and short-form content for release and licensing worldwide, including in theaters, on streaming services, on television, through home entertainment, and DVDs, Blu-ray; and operates a portfolio consisting of Paramount Pictures, Paramount Players, Paramount Animation, Nickelodeon Studio, and Miramax. It provides production, distribution, and advertising solutions. The company was founded in 1914 and is headquartered in New York, New York."}, "PINS": {"ticker": "PINS", "name": "Pinterest, Inc.", "sector": "communication-services", "description": "Pinterest, Inc. operates as a visual search and discovery platform in the United States, Canada, Europe, and internationally. The company's platform allows people to find ideas, such as recipes, home and style inspiration, and others; and to search, save, and shop the ideas. It also provides various advertising products to help advertisers meet users; and ad auction that allows to serve ads to users at relevant moments while optimizing business outcomes for advertisers. The company was formerly known as Cold Brew Labs Inc. and changed its name to Pinterest, Inc. in April 2012. Pinterest, Inc. was incorporated in 2008 and is headquartered in San Francisco, California."}, "NYT": {"ticker": "NYT", "name": "The New York Times Company", "sector": "communication-services", "description": "The New York Times Company, together with its subsidiaries, creates, collects, and distributes news and information worldwide. It operates through two segments, The New York Times Group and The Athletic. It offers The New York Times (The Times) through company's mobile application, website, printed newspaper, and associated content, such as podcast. The company offers The Athletic, a sports media product; Cooking, a recipe product; Games, a puzzle games product; and Audio, an audio product. In addition, the company offers a portfolio of advertising products and services to advertisers, such as luxury goods, technology, and financial companies, to promote products, services or brands on digital platforms in the form of display ads, audio and video, in print in the form of column-inch ads, and at live events; and Wirecutter, a product review and recommendation product. Further, the company licenses content to digital aggregators in the business, professional, academic and library markets, and third-party digital platforms; articles, graphics, and photographs, including newspapers, magazines, and websites; and for use in television, films, and books, as well as provide rights to reprint articles, and create and sell new digests. Additionally, the company engages in commercial printing and distribution for third parties; and operates the NYTimes.com website. The company was founded in 1851 and is headquartered in New York, New York."}, "ZG": {"ticker": "ZG", "name": "Zillow Group, Inc.", "sector": "communication-services", "description": "Zillow Group operates a real estate application and website that connects consumers with technology, agents and loan officers, and digital solutions in the United States. The company operates through four categories: Residential, Mortgages, Rentals, and Other. The Residential segment includes agent and software, as well as new construction marketing solutions and StreetEasy for sale products. This segment also offers advertising and marketing solutions for real estate agents, premier agent, SaaS customer relationship management, real estate transaction management, appointment center, and enhanced listing services. The Rentals segment includes advertising and a suite of tools for property managers, landlords, and other rental professionals, as well as rental applications. The Mortgages segment provides mortgage originations through Zillow Home Loans and advertising to mortgage lenders and other mortgage professionals; and title and escrow services. The company also generates revenue from display advertising. It also offers a brand portfolio including Zillow, Zillow Premier Agent, Zillow Rentals, Zillow New Construction, Trulia, StreetEasy, Out East, HotPads, Follow Up Boss, ShowingTime, dotloop and Zillow Closing; and a suite of marketing software and technology solutions for the real estate industry. Zillow Group, Inc. was founded in 2004 and is headquartered in Seattle, Washington."}, "TTD": {"ticker": "TTD", "name": "The Trade Desk, Inc.", "sector": "communication-services", "description": "The Trade Desk, Inc. operates as a technology company in the United States and internationally. The company creates, manages, and optimizes digital advertising campaigns across ad formats, channels and devices, including CTV and other video, display, audio, and native, on a multitude of devices, such televisions, streaming devices, mobile devices, computers and digital-out-of-home devices. It provides data and other value-added services. It serves advertising agencies, advertisers, and other service providers for agencies or advertisers. The Trade Desk, Inc. was incorporated in 2009 and is headquartered in Ventura, California."}, "SNAP": {"ticker": "SNAP", "name": "Snap Inc.", "sector": "communication-services", "description": "Snap Inc. operates as a technology company in North America, Europe, and internationally. The company offers Snapchat, a visual messaging application with various tabs, such as camera, visual messaging, snap map, stories, and spotlight that enable people to communicate visually through short videos and snaps. It also provides Snapchat+, Lens+, and Snapchat Platinum, a subscription service that provides subscribers access to exclusive, experimental, and pre-release features; Spectacles, an augmented reality (AR) glasses; and advertising products, including AR ads and Snap ads comprises a single image or video ads, collection ads, dynamic ads, story ads, commercials, sponsored snaps, and promoted places. In addition, the company offers campaign management and delivery, an advertising platform that provides automated, sophisticated, and scalable ad buying and campaign management; and measuring advertising effectiveness solutions. The company was formerly known as Snapchat, Inc. and changed its name to Snap Inc. in September 2016. Snap Inc. was founded in 2010 and is headquartered in Santa Monica, California."}, "LUMN": {"ticker": "LUMN", "name": "Lumen Technologies, Inc.", "sector": "communication-services", "description": "Lumen Technologies, Inc., a networking company, provides integrated products and services to business and mass customers in the United States and internationally. The company operates in two segments, Business and Mass Markets. It offers dark fiber and conduit, edge cloud, internet protocol (IP), voice over IP, managed security, software-defined wide area networks, unified communications and collaboration, and optical services; ethernet and VPN data networks services; and legacy services to manage cash flow, including time division multiplexing voice and private line; other legacy services, such as Synchronous Optical Network (SONET) based ethernet, legacy data hosting services, and conferencing services; and managed and professional service solutions, as well as sells communications equipment. The company also provides high speed and lower speed broadband service to residential and small business customers; local and long-distance voice services, professional services, and other ancillary services; and federal broadband and state support programs. It serves its products and services under the Lumen, CenturyLink, Black Lotus Labs, and Quantum Fiber brand name. The company was formerly known as CenturyLink, Inc. and changed its name to Lumen Technologies, Inc. in September 2020. Lumen Technologies, Inc. was incorporated in 1968 and is headquartered in Monroe, Louisiana."}, "SIRI": {"ticker": "SIRI", "name": "Sirius XM Holdings Inc.", "sector": "communication-services", "description": "Sirius XM Holdings Inc. operates as an audio entertainment company in North America. It operates through two segments, Sirius XM, and Pandora and Off-platform. The Sirius XM segment provides music, sports, entertainment, comedy, and talk and news channels, as well as podcast and infotainment services on subscription fee basis; and live, curated, and exclusive and on demand programming services through satellite radio systems and streamed through applications for mobile and home devices, and other consumer electronic equipment. This segment also distributes satellite radios through automakers and retailers, as well as its website; offers advertising other ancillary services; sells radios and accessories; and offers location-based services through two-way wireless connectivity, including safety, security, convenience, maintenance and data, remote vehicles diagnostic, and stolen or parked vehicle locator services, as well as data services related to graphical weather and fuel prices. In addition, this segment provides music channels on the DISH Network satellite television service as a programming package; Travel Link, a suite of data services that include graphical weather, fuel prices, sports schedule and scores, and movie listings; graphic information related to road closings, traffic flow, and incident data for consumers with in-vehicle navigation systems; real-time weather services in vehicles, boats, and planes; music programming and commercial-free music services for office, restaurants, and other business; and wireless communications service. The Pandora and Off-platform segment operates music, comedy, and podcast streaming platform, which offers personalized experience for listener through mobile devices, vehicle speakers, and connected devices; and provides advertising services. The company was incorporated in 2013 and is headquartered in New York."}, "MTCH": {"ticker": "MTCH", "name": "Match Group, Inc.", "sector": "communication-services", "description": "Match Group, Inc. provides digital technologies in the United States and internationally. It operates through four segments: Tinder, Hinge, Evergreen and Emerging, and Match Group Asia. The company's portfolio of brands includes Tinder, Hinge, Match, Meetic, OkCupid, Pairs, Plenty Of Fish, Azar, BLK, and other brands, built to increase users' likelihood of connecting with others. It provides tailored services to meet the various preferences of its users. Match Group, Inc. was incorporated in 1986 and is based in Dallas, Texas."}, "MSGS": {"ticker": "MSGS", "name": "Madison Square Garden Sports Corp.", "sector": "communication-services", "description": "Madison Square Garden Sports Corp. operates as a professional sports company in the United States. The company owns and operates a portfolio of assets that consists of the New York Knickerbockers of the National Basketball Association (NBA) and the New York Rangers of the National Hockey League. Its other professional franchises include development league teams, the Hartford Wolf Pack of the American Hockey League and the Westchester Knicks of the NBA G League. It also operates the Madison Square Garden Training Center, a professional sports team performance center in Greenburgh. The company was formerly known as The Madison Square Garden Company. Madison Square Garden Sports Corp. was incorporated in 2015 and is based in New York, New York."}, "LBRDA": {"ticker": "LBRDA", "name": "Liberty Broadband Corporation", "sector": "communication-services", "description": "Liberty Broadband Corporation engages in a range of communications businesses in the United States. The company offers subscription-based internet, mobile, and video and voice services; and residential and business services, including Spectrum Internet, mobile, TV, and voice products; Spectrum Business that offers Internet, mobile, video and voice services to small businesses, as well as tailored connectivity, communications and managed service solutions for mid-market and large businesses; and Spectrum Reach that provides local, regional and national businesses to advertise in individual and multiple service areas on cable television networks, and various streaming services and advertising platforms. It also provides Spectrum Security Shield that enables and protects devices at home using network-based security; internet access, data networking, fiber connectivity to cellular towers and office buildings, video entertainment, and business telephone services; and operates regional sports and news channels. Liberty Broadband Corporation was incorporated in 2014 and is based in Englewood, Colorado."}, "NXST": {"ticker": "NXST", "name": "Nexstar Media Group, Inc.", "sector": "communication-services", "description": "Nexstar Media Group, Inc. operates as a diversified media company that produces and distributes local and national news, sports, and entertainment contents on the television and digital platforms in the United States. It owns, operates, programs, or provides sales and other services to power television and radio stations; and provides television programming services. The company offers video and display advertising platforms through its own and various third party websites, mobile and over-the-top applications, digital media solutions to media publishers and advertisers, and a consumer product reviews platform. In addition, it owns NewsNation, a national cable news network; and WGN-AM, a Chicago radio station, as well as owns and operates digital multicast networks. Further, its digital assets include 125 local websites, 229 mobile applications, 110 connected television applications, television channels from The CW and The Hill, BestReviews, and advertising solutions. Additionally, the company engages in the digital business. Its stations are affiliates of ABC, NBC, FOX, CBS, The CW, MyNetworkTV, and other broadcast television networks. Nexstar Media Group, Inc. was formerly known as Nexstar Broadcasting Group, Inc. and changed its name to Nexstar Media Group, Inc. in January 2017. The company was founded in 1996 and is headquartered in Irving, Texas."}, "TDS": {"ticker": "TDS", "name": "Telephone and Data Systems, Inc.", "sector": "communication-services", "description": "Telephone and Data Systems, Inc., a telecommunications company, provides communications services to residential, commercial, and wholesale customers in the United States. It operates through two segments: TDS Telecom and Array. The company offers internet connections and all-home Wi-Fi services, fiber internet, security, and support services; advanced home TV entertainment combined with a digital video recording (DVR) services; TDS TV+, an integrated cloud TV platform that combines linear and on-demand programming, mobile device interfaces, personalized recommendations, and network-based DVR; digital television; local and long-distance telephone service, voice over internet protocol, and enhanced services; wireless services to customers; broadband, IP-based services, and hosted voice and video collaboration services to small- and medium-sized businesses; carrying data and voice traffic services; wholesale services; and communication services in underserved areas. The company is also leases tower spaces to tenants; provides ancillary services. The company sells and distributes its products through third-party direct sales, retail stores, sales agents, and an online platform to sell services and products. Telephone and Data Systems, Inc. was incorporated in 1968 and is headquartered in Chicago, Illinois."}, "SPHR": {"ticker": "SPHR", "name": "Sphere Entertainment Co.", "sector": "communication-services", "description": "Sphere Entertainment Co. operates as a live entertainment and media company in the United States. It operates through two segments, Sphere and MSG Networks. The Sphere segment offers entertainment medium powered by technologies to create multi-sensory experiences. The MSG Networks segment provides regional sports and entertainment networks; direct-to-consumer and authenticated streaming products, as well as sports content, including live local games and other programming. The company was formerly known as Madison Square Garden Entertainment Corp. and changed its name to Sphere Entertainment Co. in April 2023. Sphere Entertainment Co. was founded in 2006 and is based in New York, New York."}, "IRDM": {"ticker": "IRDM", "name": "Iridium Communications Inc.", "sector": "communication-services", "description": "Iridium Communications Inc. provides mobile voice and data communications services and products to businesses, the United States and foreign governments, non-governmental organizations, and consumers in the United States, Canada, and internationally. The company offers mobile satellite communications services for land mobile end users and aviation sectors; broadband terminals, embedded devices, and handsets for merchant shipping, fishing, leisure and research vessels, and specialized watercraft; satellite-based IoT services; hosted payload and other data services; and other data services and engineering services. It also provides postpaid mobile voice and data satellite communications; prepaid mobile voice satellite communications; push-to-talk; broadband data; Internet of Things (IoT); and satellite time and location services. In addition, the company offers personnel tracking devices; asset tracking devices for equipment, vehicles, and aircrafts; beyond-line-of-sight aircraft communications applications; maritime communications applications; specialized communications solutions for high-value individuals; and mobile communications and data devices for the military and other government agencies, such as secure satellite handsets; and maintenance services for the U.S. government's dedicated gateway. Further, it provides satellite handsets, voice and data modems, broadband data devices, and IoT data devices; and various accessories for its devices that include batteries, holsters, earbud headphones, portable auxiliary antennas, antenna adaptors, USB data cables, and charging units. The company sells its products and services to commercial end users through a wholesale distribution network that include service providers, and value-added resellers and value-added manufacturers. The company was formerly known as Iridium Holdings LLC and changed its name to Iridium Communications Inc. in September 2009. Iridium Communications Inc. is headquartered in McLean, Virginia."}, "AD": {"ticker": "AD", "name": "Array Digital Infrastructure, Inc.", "sector": "communication-services", "description": "Array Digital Infrastructure, Inc. owns and operates shared wireless communications infrastructure in the United States. The company deploys 5G and other wireless technologies through its 4,400 cell towers. It also leases tower space to tenants. In addition, the company offers ancillary services. It serves organizations, wireless carriers, government agencies, municipalities, wireless internet service providers, and broadband providers. The company was formerly known as United States Cellular Corporation and changed its name to Array Digital Infrastructure, Inc. in August 2025. The company was incorporated in 1983 and is headquartered in Chicago, Illinois. Array Digital Infrastructure, Inc. is a subsidiary of Telephone and Data Systems, Inc."}, "LBTYA": {"ticker": "LBTYA", "name": "Liberty Global Ltd.", "sector": "communication-services", "description": "Liberty Global Ltd., together with its subsidiaries, provides broadband internet, video, fixed-line telephony, and mobile communications services to residential and business customers in Europe. It offers intelligent WiFi and broadband internet services, such as ONE Connect, which enables fast and flexible introductions of new hardware and services, as well as cloud-to-cloud open API integration; Smart Security that provides network security, safe browsing and fraud prevention measures; Smart Home, which provides enhanced entertainment and home automation and security services; and Connect Box, an intelligent WiFi and telephony gateway. The company provides various tiers of digital video programming and audio services, as well as digital video recorders and multimedia home gateway systems; Horizon 5, a cloud-based, multi-screen entertainment platform that combines linear television, including recording and replay features and video-on-demand services; Replay TV, a multimedia gateway service; video-on-demand that provides subscribers with access to a broad library of movies and television series; Horizon Go, an online mobile app; and channels, including general entertainment, sports, movies, series, documentaries, lifestyles, news, adult, children, and ethnic and foreign channels. In addition, it offers postpaid and prepaid mobile services; circuit-switched telephony services; and personal call manager, unified messaging, and multiple lines for additional fees. Further, the company offers business services comprising voice, advanced data, video, wireless, cloud-based services, and mobile and fixed-mobile convergence services to small businesses, and medium and large enterprises, as well as on a wholesale basis to other operators. It operates in Belgium, Ireland, Slovakia, and internationally. Liberty Global Ltd. was founded in 2004 and is based in Hamilton, Bermuda."}, "CNK": {"ticker": "CNK", "name": "Cinemark Holdings, Inc.", "sector": "communication-services", "description": "Cinemark Holdings, Inc., together with its subsidiaries, engages in the theatrical exhibition business. It operates theatres in the United States and Latin America. Cinemark Holdings, Inc. was founded in 1984 and is headquartered in Plano, Texas."}, "AMZN": {"ticker": "AMZN", "name": "Amazon.com, Inc.", "sector": "consumer-cyclical", "description": "Amazon.com, Inc. engages in the retail sale of consumer products, advertising, and subscriptions service through online and physical stores in North America and internationally. The company operates through three segments: North America, International, and Amazon Web Services (AWS). It also manufactures and sells electronic devices, including Kindle, fire tablets, fire TVs, echo, ring, blink, and eero; and develops and produces media content. In addition, the company offers programs that enable sellers to sell their products in its stores; and programs that allow authors, independent publishers, musicians, filmmakers, Twitch streamers, skill and app developers, and others to publish and sell content. Further, it provides compute, storage, Artificial intelligence, database, analytics, machine learning, and other services, as well as advertising services through programs, such as sponsored ads, display, and video advertising. Additionally, the company offers Amazon Prime, a membership program. The company's products offered through its stores include merchandise and content purchased for resale and products offered by third-party sellers. It serves consumers, sellers, developers, enterprises, content creators, advertisers, and employees. The company was incorporated in 1994 and is headquartered in Seattle, Washington."}, "TSLA": {"ticker": "TSLA", "name": "Tesla, Inc.", "sector": "consumer-cyclical", "description": "Tesla, Inc. designs, develops, manufactures, leases, and sells electric vehicles, and energy generation and storage systems in the United States, China, and internationally. The company operates in two segments, Automotive; and Energy Generation and Storage. The company offers electric vehicles, as well as sells automotive regulatory credits; and non-warranty maintenance services and collision, automotive insurance services, as well as part sales and retail merchandise sale. It also provides sedans and sport utility vehicles through direct and used vehicle sales, a network of Tesla Superchargers, and in-app upgrades; purchase financing and leasing services; services for electric vehicles through its company-owned service locations and Tesla mobile service technicians; and vehicle limited warranties and extended service plans. In addition, the company engages in the design, manufacture, installation, sale, and leasing of solar energy generation and energy storage products, and related services to residential, commercial, and industrial customers and utilities through its website, stores, and galleries, as well as through a network of channel partners. Further, it provides services and repairs to its energy product customers, including under warranty and extended service plans; and various financing options to its residential customers; lithium-ion battery energy storage products, such as Powerwall and Megapack; energy generation products, including solar panels and solar roof; self-driving development and artificial intelligence software, vehicle control and infotainment software, and battery and powertrain. The company was formerly known as Tesla Motors, Inc. and changed its name to Tesla, Inc. in February 2017. Tesla, Inc. was incorporated in 2003 and is headquartered in Austin, Texas."}, "HD": {"ticker": "HD", "name": "The Home Depot, Inc.", "sector": "consumer-cyclical", "description": "The Home Depot, Inc. operates as a home improvement retailer in the United States and internationally. It sells various building materials, home improvement products, lawn and garden products, and d\u00e9cor products, as well as facilities maintenance, repair, and operations products. The company also offers installation services for flooring, water heaters, baths, garage doors, cabinets, cabinet makeovers, countertops, sheds, furnaces and central air systems, windows, and window coverings. In addition, it provides tool and equipment rental services. The company serves consumers, such as do-it-yourself homeowners and do-it-for-me customers; and professional renovators/remodelers, general contractors, homebuilders, maintenance professionals, handymen, property managers, building service contractors and specialty tradespeople, such as electricians, landscapers, insulation installers, plumbers, painters, pool contractors, roofers, and wallboard and ceiling installers. It sells its products through websites and its mobile applications, including homedepot.com; homedepot.ca and homedepot.com.mx; blinds.com, justblinds.com, and americanblinds.com for custom window coverings; constructionresourcesusa.com or design-oriented surfaces, appliances, and architectural specialty products; thecompanystore.com, an online site for textiles and d\u00e9cor products; hdsupply.com for maintenance, repair, and operations products and related services; and srsdistribution.com, heritagelandscapesupplygroup.com, heritagepoolsupplygroup.com, and gms.com for roofing and building materials, landscape, and pool products; and The Home Depot stores. The Home Depot, Inc. was incorporated in 1978 and is headquartered in Atlanta, Georgia."}, "TJX": {"ticker": "TJX", "name": "The TJX Companies, Inc.", "sector": "consumer-cyclical", "description": "The TJX Companies, Inc., together with its subsidiaries, operates as an off-price apparel and home fashions retailer worldwide. It operates through four segments: Marmaxx, HomeGoods, TJX Canada, and TJX International. The company provides family apparel comprising footwear; accessories, such as beauty and jewelry; home fashion products, including home basics, decorative accessories and giftware, as well as furniture, rugs, lighting, soft home, decorative accessories, tabletop, and cookware; pet and gourmet food; and other merchandise. It also offers home decor, furniture, and seasonal home merchandise. The company sells its products through stores and e-commerce sites. The TJX Companies, Inc. was incorporated in 1962 and is headquartered in Framingham, Massachusetts."}, "BKNG": {"ticker": "BKNG", "name": "Booking Holdings Inc.", "sector": "consumer-cyclical", "description": "Booking Holdings Inc., together with its subsidiaries, provides online and traditional travel and restaurant reservations and related services in the United States, the Netherlands, the United Kingdom, and internationally. The company operates Booking.com, which offers online accommodation reservations; and Priceline, which provides discount travel reservations services, as well as online accommodation, flight, rental car reservation services, vacation packages, cruises, activity, and affiliate programs. It also operates Agoda that offers online accommodation reservation, flight, ground transportation, and attractions. In addition, the company operates KAYAK, an online meta-search service that allows consumers to search and compare travel itineraries and prices; and OpenTable for booking online restaurant reservations, as well as reservation management services to restaurants. Further, it offers travel-related insurance products, payment facilitation, and restaurant management services to consumers, travel service providers, and restaurants; and advertising services. The company was formerly known as The Priceline Group Inc. and changed its name to Booking Holdings Inc. in February 2018. Booking Holdings Inc. was founded in 1997 and is headquartered in Norwalk, Connecticut."}, "LOW": {"ticker": "LOW", "name": "Lowe's Companies, Inc.", "sector": "consumer-cyclical", "description": "Lowe's Companies, Inc., together with its subsidiaries, operates as a home improvement retailer in the United States and Canada. It provides a line of products for construction, maintenance, repair, remodeling, and decorating. The company also offers home improvement products, such as appliances, seasonal and outdoor living, lumber, lawn and garden, kitchens and bath, hardware, building materials, millwork, paint, rough plumbing, tools, electrical, flooring, and d\u00e9cor. In addition, it provides installation services through independent contractors in various product categories; and extended protection plans and repair services. Further, the company provides design, distribution, and installation services for interior surface finishes to home builders and property managers. It sells its national brand-name merchandise and private brand products to professional customers, individual homeowners, and renters. The company serves its products through Lowes.com website, mobile applications, retail home improvement stores and outlet stores, and its branches. Lowe's Companies, Inc. was founded in 1921 and is based in Mooresville, North Carolina."}, "SBUX": {"ticker": "SBUX", "name": "Starbucks Corporation", "sector": "consumer-cyclical", "description": "Starbucks Corporation, together with its subsidiaries, operates as a roaster, marketer, and retailer of coffee internationally. The company operates through three segments: North America, International, and Channel Development. Its stores offer coffee, tea, and other beverages, roasted whole beans and ground coffees, complementary food, packaged coffees, single-serve products, and ready-to-drink beverages; and various food products, such as pastries, breakfast sandwiches, and lunch items. The company also licenses its trademarks through licensed stores, and grocery and foodservice accounts. The company offers its products under the Starbucks Coffee, Teavana, Seattle's Best Coffee, Ethos, and Starbucks Reserve brands. Starbucks Corporation was founded in 1971 and is based in Seattle, Washington."}, "MAR": {"ticker": "MAR", "name": "Marriott International, Inc.", "sector": "consumer-cyclical", "description": "Marriott International, Inc. engages in the operation, franchise, and licensing of hotel, residential, timeshare, and other lodging properties in the U.S. & Canada, Europe, Middle East & Africa, Greater China, and Asia Pacific, and internationally. It operates properties under JW Marriott, The Ritz-Carlton, The Luxury Collection, W Hotels, St. Regis, EDITION, Bvlgari, Marriott Hotels, Sheraton, Westin, Autograph Collection, Renaissance Hotels, Le M\u00e9ridien, Delta Hotels by Marriott, MGM Collection with Marriott Bonvoy, Tribute Portfolio, Gaylord Hotels, Design Hotels, Marriott Executive Apartments, Apartments by Marriott Bonvoy, Courtyard by Marriott, Fairfield by Marriott, Residence Inn by Marriott, SpringHill Suites by Marriott, Four Points by Sheraton, TownePlace Suites by Marriott, Aloft Hotels, AC Hotels by Marriott, Moxy Hotels, Element Hotels, Protea Hotels by Marriott, citizen, City Express by Marriott, and Four Points Flex by Sheraton brand names, as well as operates residences, timeshares, and yachts. The company was founded in 1927 and is headquartered in Bethesda, Maryland."}, "MELI": {"ticker": "MELI", "name": "MercadoLibre, Inc.", "sector": "consumer-cyclical", "description": "MercadoLibre, Inc. operates online commerce platforms in Brazil, Mexico, Argentina, and internationally. The company operates Mercado Libre Marketplace, an online commerce platform that can be accessed through mobile app or website; and Mercado Pago, a financial technology solution platform, which offers comprehensive set of financial technology services to users and other users of its e-commerce platform. It also provides Mercado Fondo that allows users to invest funds deposited in their Mercado Pago accounts; Mercado Credito, which grants loans and obtains better funding alternatives; and Mercado Mercado Envios that facilitates the shipping of goods from the Company and sellers to buyers. In addition, the company provides Mercado Libre Classifieds, where users can list vehicles, properties, and services; Mercado Ads, an advertising platform, which enables retailers and brands to promote their products and services on the platform. MercadoLibre, Inc. was incorporated in 1999 and is headquartered in Montevideo, Uruguay."}, "ORLY": {"ticker": "ORLY", "name": "O'Reilly Automotive, Inc.", "sector": "consumer-cyclical", "description": "O'Reilly Automotive, Inc., together with its subsidiaries, operates as a retailer and supplier of automotive aftermarket parts, tools, supplies, equipment, and accessories in the United States, Puerto Rico, Mexico, and Canada. The company offers new and remanufactured automotive hard parts and maintenance items, such as alternators, batteries, brake system components, belts, chassis parts, driveline parts, engine parts, fuel pumps, hoses, starters, temperature control, water pumps, antifreeze, appearance products, engine additives, filters, fluids, lighting products, and oil and wiper blades; and accessories, including floor mats, seat covers, and truck accessories. It also provides auto body paint and related materials, automotive tools, and professional service provider service equipment. In addition, the company offers enhanced services and programs consisting of used oil, oil filter, and battery recycling; battery, wiper, and bulb replacement; battery diagnostic testing; electrical and module testing; check engine light code extraction; loaner tool program; referrals to trusted local repair shops; drum and rotor resurfacing; custom hydraulic hoses; and professional paint shop mixing and related materials. It offers its products to do-it-yourself and professional service providers for domestic and imported automobiles, vans, and trucks. It offers its products under the BesTest, BrakeBest, Cartek, Import Direct, MasterPro, MicroGard, Murray, Omnispark, O'Reilly Auto Parts, Precision, PowerTorque, SuperStart, Syntec, and Ultima brand names. O'Reilly Automotive, Inc. was founded in 1957 and is headquartered in Springfield, Missouri."}, "HLT": {"ticker": "HLT", "name": "Hilton Worldwide Holdings Inc.", "sector": "consumer-cyclical", "description": "Hilton Worldwide Holdings Inc., a hospitality company, engages in managing, franchising, and leasing hotels and resorts. It operates in two segments, Management and Franchise, and Ownership. The company engages in the hotel management and licensing of its brand names, trademarks, and service marks. It operates a brand portfolio of luxury, lifestyle, full service, focused service, all-suites hotel, and timeshare under the Waldorf Astoria Hotels & Resorts, LXR Hotels & Resorts, Conrad Hotels & Resorts, Signia by Hilton, NoMad, Canopy by Hilton, Graduate by Hilton, Tempo by Hilton, Motto by Hilton, Hilton Hotels & Resorts, DoubleTree by Hilton, Curio Collection by Hilton, Tapestry Collection by Hilton, Outset Collection by Hilton, Embassy Suites by Hilton, Homewood Suites by Hilton, Home2 Suites by Hilton, LivSmart Studios by Hilton, Hilton Garden Inn, Hampton by Hilton, Tru by Hilton, Spark by Hilton, Hilton Grand Vacations, Small Luxury Hotels of the World, AutoCamp, and Hilton Honors brand names. The company has operations in North America, South America, and Central America, including various Caribbean nations; Europe, the Middle East, and Africa; and the Asia Pacific. Hilton Worldwide Holdings Inc. was founded in 1919 and is headquartered in McLean, Virginia."}, "RCL": {"ticker": "RCL", "name": "Royal Caribbean Cruises Ltd.", "sector": "consumer-cyclical", "description": "Royal Caribbean Cruises Ltd. operates as a cruise company worldwide. The company operates cruises under the Royal Caribbean International, Celebrity Cruises, and Silversea Cruises brands, which comprise a range of itineraries. As of December 31, 2025, it operated 69 ships. Royal Caribbean Cruises Ltd. was founded in 1968 and is headquartered in Miami, Florida."}, "GM": {"ticker": "GM", "name": "General Motors Company", "sector": "consumer-cyclical", "description": "General Motors Company designs, builds, and sells trucks, crossovers, cars, and automobile parts worldwide. It operates through GM North America, GM International, and GM Financial segments. The company markets its vehicles primarily under the Buick, Cadillac, Chevrolet, GMC, Baojun, and Wuling brand names. In addition, it sells trucks, crossovers, cars, and automobile parts through retail dealers, distributors and dealers, as well as to fleet customers, including daily rental car companies, commercial fleet customers, leasing companies, and governments. Further, the company offers various range of after-sale services through dealer network, such as maintenance, light repairs, collision repairs, vehicle accessories, and extended service warranties. Additionally, it provides automotive financing; and software-enabled services and subscriptions. General Motors Company was founded in 1908 and is based in Detroit, Michigan."}, "ROST": {"ticker": "ROST", "name": "Ross Stores, Inc.", "sector": "consumer-cyclical", "description": "Ross Stores, Inc., together with its subsidiaries, operates off-price retail apparel and home fashion stores under the Ross Dress for Less and dd's DISCOUNTS brands in the United States. The company offers designer apparel, accessories, footwear, and home-fashioned products for the entire family. It sells its products to middle income households and households with lower to more moderate incomes. Ross Stores, Inc. was incorporated in 1957 and is headquartered in Dublin, California."}, "NKE": {"ticker": "NKE", "name": "NIKE, Inc.", "sector": "consumer-cyclical", "description": "NIKE, Inc., together with its subsidiaries, designs, develops, markets, and sells athletic and casual footwear, apparel, equipment, accessories, and services for men, women, and kids in North America, Europe, the Middle East, Africa, Greater China, the Asia Pacific, and Latin America. The company offers its products under the NIKE, Jordan, Jumpman, Converse, Chuck Taylor, All Star, One Star, Star Chevron, and Jack Purcell trademarks. It also provides a line of performance equipment and accessories, including bags, socks, sport balls, eyewear, timepieces, digital devices, bats, gloves, protective equipment, and other equipment for sports activities, as well as various plastic products to other manufacturers; distributes and licenses casual sneakers, apparel, and accessories; and markets apparel with licensed college and professional team and league logos. In addition, the company offers consumer services and experiences, including sport focused events and activations; fitness and activity apps; sport, fitness, and wellness content; and digital services and features in retail stores. It sells its products to footwear stores; sporting goods stores; athletic specialty stores; department stores; skate, tennis, and golf shops; and other wholesale accounts through NIKE-owned retail stores, independent distributors, licensees, sales representatives, and digital platforms. The company was formerly known as Blue Ribbon Sports, Inc. and changed its name to NIKE, Inc. in May 1971. NIKE, Inc. was founded in 1964 and is headquartered in Beaverton, Oregon."}, "AZO": {"ticker": "AZO", "name": "AutoZone, Inc.", "sector": "consumer-cyclical", "description": "AutoZone, Inc. operates as a retailer and distributor of automotive replacement parts and accessories in the United States, Mexico, and Brazil. The company offers a product line for cars, sport utility vehicles, vans, and light duty trucks, including new and remanufactured automotive hard parts, maintenance items, accessories, and non-automotive products. It also provides A/C compressors, batteries and accessories, bearings, belts and hoses, calipers, chassis, clutches, CV axles, engines, fuel pumps, fuses, ignition and lighting products, mufflers, radiators, starters and alternators, thermostats, and water pumps, as well as tire repairs. In addition, the company provides maintenance products, such as antifreeze and windshield washer fluids; brake drums, rotors, shoes, and pads; brake and power steering fluids, and oil and fuel additives; oil and transmission fluids; oil, cabin, air, fuel, and transmission filters; oxygen sensors; paints and accessories; refrigerants and accessories; shock absorbers and struts; spark plugs and wires; and windshield wipers. Further, it offers air fresheners, cell phone accessories, drinks and snacks, floor mats and seat covers, interior and exterior accessories, mirrors, performance products, protectants and cleaners, sealants and adhesives, steering wheel covers, tools, vehicle entertainment systems, and wash and wax products, as well as towing services. Additionally, the company provides a sales program that offers commercial credit and delivery of parts and other products; sells automotive diagnostic, repair, collision, and shop management information software under the ALLDATA brand through alldata.com; Duralast branded products through duralastparts.com; and automotive hard parts, maintenance items, accessories, and non-automotive products through autozone.com. AutoZone, Inc. was founded in 1979 and is headquartered in Memphis, Tennessee."}, "F": {"ticker": "F", "name": "Ford Motor Company", "sector": "consumer-cyclical", "description": "Ford Motor Company develops, delivers, and services Ford trucks, sport utility vehicles, commercial vans and cars, and Lincoln luxury vehicles in the United States, Canada, the United Kingdom, Mexico, and internationally. It operates through Ford Blue, Ford Model e, Ford Pro, and Ford Credit segments. The company sells Ford and Lincoln internal combustion engine and hybrid vehicles, electric vehicles, service parts, accessories, and digital services for retail customers; develops EV and digital vehicle technologies, and software; and provides telematics and EV charging solutions. It also sells Ford and Lincoln vehicles, service parts, and accessories through distributors and dealers, as well as through dealerships to commercial fleet customers, daily rental car companies, and governments. In addition, it engages in vehicle-related financing and leasing activities to and through automotive dealers. Further, the company provides retail installment sale contracts for new and used vehicles; and direct financing leases for new vehicles to retail and commercial customers, such as leasing companies, government entities, daily rental companies, and fleet customers. Additionally, it offers wholesale loans to dealers to finance the purchase of vehicle inventory; and loans to dealers to finance working capital and enhance dealership facilities, purchase dealership real estate, and other dealer vehicle programs. Ford Motor Company was incorporated in 1903 and is based in Dearborn, Michigan."}, "CMG": {"ticker": "CMG", "name": "Chipotle Mexican Grill, Inc.", "sector": "consumer-cyclical", "description": "Chipotle Mexican Grill, Inc., together with its subsidiaries, owns and operates Chipotle Mexican Grill restaurants. It sells food and beverages, such as burritos, burrito bowls, quesadillas, tacos, and salads, as well as kids's meals, chips, and sides. It offers Mexican-inspired meals using responsibly sourced meats, such as chicken, beef, and pork branded as Responsibly Raised. The company also provides digital ordering through its website, mobile app, and third-party delivery platforms. It has operations in the United States, Canada, France, Germany, and the United Kingdom. Chipotle Mexican Grill, Inc. was founded in 1993 and is headquartered in Newport Beach, California."}, "EBAY": {"ticker": "EBAY", "name": "eBay Inc.", "sector": "consumer-cyclical", "description": "eBay Inc., together with its subsidiaries, operates marketplace platforms that connect buyers and sellers in the United States, the United Kingdom, China, Germany, and internationally. Its marketplace platform includes its online marketplace at ebay.com, off-platform businesses, and the eBay suite of mobile apps. The company's platforms enable users to list, sell, buy, and pay various products. The company was founded in 1995 and is headquartered in San Jose, California."}, "YUM": {"ticker": "YUM", "name": "Yum! Brands, Inc.", "sector": "consumer-cyclical", "description": "Yum! Brands, Inc., together with its subsidiaries, develops, operates, and franchises traditional and non-traditional quick service restaurants in the United States, China, and internationally. The company operates in four segments: KFC Division, Taco Bell Division, Pizza Hut Division, and Habit Burger & Grill Division. It also operates restaurants under the KFC, Pizza Hut, Taco Bell, and Habit Burger & Grill brands, which specialize in chicken, Mexican-style food and pizza categories, made-to-order chargrilled burgers, sandwiches, and other products. The company was formerly known as TRICON Global Restaurants, Inc. and changed its name to Yum! Brands, Inc. in May 2002. Yum! Brands, Inc. was incorporated in 1997 and is headquartered in Louisville, Kentucky."}, "DHI": {"ticker": "DHI", "name": "D.R. Horton, Inc.", "sector": "consumer-cyclical", "description": "D.R. Horton, Inc. operates as a homebuilding company in East, North, Southeast, South Central, Southwest, and Northwest regions in the United States. It engages in the acquisition and development of land; and construction and sale of residential homes in 126 markets across 36 states under the names of D.R. Horton. The company also constructs and sells single-family detached homes; and attached homes, such as townhomes and duplexes. In addition, it provides mortgage financing and title agency services; and engages in the residential lot development business. Further, the company develops, constructs, owns, leases, and sells multi-family and single-family rental properties; conducts insurance-related operations; and owns water rights and other water-related assets, as well as non-residential real estate, including ranch land and improvements. It primarily serves homebuyers. D.R. Horton, Inc. was founded in 1978 and is headquartered in Arlington, Texas."}, "CCL": {"ticker": "CCL", "name": "Carnival Corporation Ltd.", "sector": "consumer-cyclical", "description": "Carnival Corporation Ltd., a cruise company, provides leisure travel services in North America, Australia, Europe, and internationally. The company operates through four segments: North America Cruise Operations, Europe Cruise Operations, Cruise Support, and Tour and Other. It operates port destinations and islands, as well as owns and operates hotels, lodges, glass-domed railcars, and motorcoaches. The company offers its services under the AIDA Cruises, Carnival Cruise Line, Costa Cruises, Cunard, Holland America Line, P&O Cruises (Australia), P&O Cruises (UK), Princess Cruises, and Seabourn brands. It sells its cruises through travel agents, tour operators, vacation planners, websites, and onboard future cruise consultants. Carnival Corporation Ltd. was founded in 1972 and is headquartered in Miami, Florida."}, "LVS": {"ticker": "LVS", "name": "Las Vegas Sands Corp.", "sector": "consumer-cyclical", "description": "Las Vegas Sands Corp., together with its subsidiaries, owns, develops, and operates integrated resorts in Macao and Singapore. It owns and operates The Venetian Macao Resort Hotel, The Londoner Macao, The Parisian Macao, The Plaza Macao and Four Seasons Hotel Macao, and The Sands Macao in Macao, the People's Republic of China; and Marina Bay Sands in Singapore. The company's integrated resorts feature accommodations, gaming, entertainment and retail malls, convention and exhibition facilities, celebrity chef restaurants, and other amenities. The company was founded in 1988 and is based in Las Vegas, Nevada."}, "EXPE": {"ticker": "EXPE", "name": "Expedia Group, Inc.", "sector": "consumer-cyclical", "description": "Expedia Group, Inc. operates as an online travel company in the United States and internationally. The company operates through B2C, B2B, and trivago segments. The B2C segment includes Brand Expedia, a full-service online travel brand offers various travel products and services; Hotels.com for lodging accommodations; Vrbo, an online marketplace for the alternative accommodations; and Orbitz, Travelocity, ebookers, and Wotif Group. The B2B segment provides various travel and non-travel companies including airlines, offline travel agents, online retailers, corporate travel management, and financial institutions who leverage its travel technology and tap into its diverse supply to augment their offerings and market Expedia Group rates and availabilities to its travelers. The trivago segment sends referrals to online travel companies and travel service providers from hotel metasearch websites. In addition, it provides brand advertising through online and offline channels, loyalty programs, mobile apps, and search engine marketing, as well as metasearch, social media, direct and personalized traveler communications on its websites, and through direct e-mail communication with its travelers. The company was formerly known as Expedia, Inc. and changed its name to Expedia Group, Inc. in March 2018. Expedia Group, Inc. was founded in 1996 and is headquartered in Seattle, Washington."}, "TPR": {"ticker": "TPR", "name": "Tapestry, Inc.", "sector": "consumer-cyclical", "description": "Tapestry, Inc. provides accessories and lifestyle brand products in North America, Greater China, rest of Asia, and internationally. The company operates in three segments: Coach, Kate Spade, and Stuart Weitzman. It offers women's handbags, fashion designs, business cases, computer bags, messenger style bags, backpacks, travel bags, and totes; and accessories, such as small leather goods which includes mini and micro handbags, money pieces, wristlets, pouches, and cosmetic cases, as well as novelty accessories, including address books, time management and travel accessories, sketchbooks, and portfolios; and belts, key rings, technology accessories, gifting, straps, and charms. The company also provides women's and men's footwear, which casual and dress shoes, boots, sneakers, and sandals; and other products which includes outerwear, ready-to-wear, jewelry, watches, eyewear, fragrance, scarves, hats, gloves, and other products. It offers its products through retail and outlet stores, brand e-commerce sites, and concession shop-in-shops under the Coach, Kate Spade, and Stuart Weitzman brand names. The company was formerly known as Coach, Inc. and changed its name to Tapestry, Inc. in October 2017. Tapestry, Inc. was founded in 1941 and is headquartered in New York, New York."}, "CASY": {"ticker": "CASY", "name": "Casey's General Stores, Inc.", "sector": "consumer-cyclical", "description": "Casey's General Stores, Inc., together with its subsidiaries, operates convenience stores under the Casey's and Casey's General Store names in the United States. Its stores offer pizza, donuts, breakfast items, and sandwiches; and tobacco and nicotine products. The company's stores also provide soft drinks, energy, water, sports drinks, juices, coffee, and tea and dairy products; beer, wine, and spirits; snacks, candy, packaged bakery, and other food items; ice, ice cream, meals, and appetizers; health and beauty aids, automotive products, electronic accessories, and housewares; and breadsticks, wraps, chicken wings and tenders, breakfast croissants and biscuits, breakfast burritos, hash browns, burgers, cookies and brownies, and other seasonal items. In addition, its stores offer motor fuel for sale on a self-service basis; gasoline and diesel fuel; and ATM, lotto/lottery, and prepaid cards, as well as car wash services. The company also operates distribution centers. Casey's General Stores, Inc. was founded in 1959 and is headquartered in Ankeny, Iowa."}, "ROL": {"ticker": "ROL", "name": "Rollins, Inc.", "sector": "consumer-cyclical", "description": "Rollins, Inc., through its subsidiaries, provides pest and wildlife control services and protection to residential and commercial customers in the United States and internationally. The company offers pest control services to residential properties protecting from common pests, including rodents, insects, and wildlife. It also provides workplace pest control solutions for customers across various end markets, such as healthcare, food service, and logistics. In addition, the company offers termite protection and ancillary services for both residential and commercial customers. It serves clients directly, as well as through franchisee operations. The company was formerly known as Rollins Broadcasting, Inc and changed its name to Rollins, Inc. in 1965. Rollins, Inc. was founded in 1901 and is headquartered in Atlanta, Georgia."}, "PHM": {"ticker": "PHM", "name": "PulteGroup, Inc.", "sector": "consumer-cyclical", "description": "PulteGroup, Inc., through its subsidiaries, engages in the homebuilding business in the United States. The company is involved in the acquisition and development of land primarily for residential purposes, as well as construction of housing; and sale of single-family detached homes; and attached homes, such as townhomes, condominiums, and duplexes under the Centex, Pulte Homes, Del Webb, DiVosta Homes, and John Wieland Homes and Neighborhoods brands. It also engages in the mortgage banking, title, and insurance agency operations. PulteGroup, Inc. was founded in 1950 and is headquartered in Atlanta, Georgia."}, "TSCO": {"ticker": "TSCO", "name": "Tractor Supply Company", "sector": "consumer-cyclical", "description": "Tractor Supply Company operates as a rural lifestyle retailer in the United States. The company provides various merchandise, including livestock and equine feed and equipment, poultry, fencing, and sprayers and chemicals; companion animal products, such as food, treats, and equipment for dogs, cats, and other small animals, as well as dog wellness products; seasonal and recreation products comprising tractors and riders, lawn and garden, bird feeding, power equipment, and other recreational products; truck, tool, and hardware products, such as truck accessories, trailers, generators, lubricants, batteries, and hardware and tools; and clothing, gift, and d\u00e9cor products consist of clothing, footwear, toys, snacks, and decorative merchandise. It offers its products under the 4health, Paws & Claws, American Farmworks, Producer's Pride, Bit & Bridle, Red Shed, Blue Mountain, Redstone, C.E. Schmidt, Retriever, Country Lane, Ridgecut, Countyline, Royal Wing, Country Tuff, Strive, Dumor, Traveller, Farm Table, Treeline, Groundwork, TSC Tractor Supply Co, Huskee, Untamed, JobSmart, and Impeckable brand names. The company operates its retail stores under the Tractor Supply Company, Petsense by Tractor Supply, and Orscheln Farm and Home names; and operates websites under the TractorSupply.com and Petsense.com names. It sells its products to recreational farmers, ranchers, and others. Tractor Supply Company was founded in 1938 and is based in Brentwood, Tennessee."}, "WSM": {"ticker": "WSM", "name": "Williams-Sonoma, Inc.", "sector": "consumer-cyclical", "description": "Williams-Sonoma, Inc. operates as an omni-channel specialty retailer of various products for home the United States and internationally. The company provides cooking, dining, and entertaining products, such as cookware, tools, electrics, cutlery, tabletop and bar, outdoor, furniture, and a library of cookbooks. It offers home furnishings, home decor products and accessories, bedding, lighting, rugs, table essentials, kids accessories, made-to-order lighting, hardware, personalized products, custom gifts, and vintage-inspired heirloom products. It offers its products under the Williams Sonoma, Pottery Barn, Pottery Barn Kids, Pottery Barn Teen, West Elm, Williams Sonoma Home, Rejuvenation, Mark and Graham, and GreenRow brand names. The company markets its products through e-commerce websites, direct-mail catalogs, and retail stores. Williams-Sonoma, Inc. was founded in 1956 and is headquartered in San Francisco, California."}, "RL": {"ticker": "RL", "name": "Ralph Lauren Corporation", "sector": "consumer-cyclical", "description": "Ralph Lauren Corporation designs, markets, and distributes lifestyle products in North America, Europe, Asia, and internationally. The company offers apparel, including a range of men's, women's, and children's clothing; footwear and accessories, which comprise casual shoes, dress shoes, boots, sneakers, sandals, eyewear, watches, fashion and fine jewelry, scarves, hats, gloves, and umbrellas, as well as leather goods comprising handbags, luggage, small leather goods, and belts; home products, such as bed and bath lines, furniture, fabric and wall coverings, lighting, dining, floor coverings, decorative accessories, and giftware; and fragrances. The company sells apparel and accessories under the Ralph Lauren Collection, Ralph Lauren Purple Label, Polo Ralph Lauren, Double RL, Lauren Ralph Lauren, RLX Ralph Lauren, Polo Ralph Lauren Children, and Chaps brands; women's fragrances under the Ralph Lauren Collection, Woman by Ralph Lauren, Romance Collection, and Ralph Collection brand names; and men's fragrances under the Ralph's Club, Purple Label, Polo Blue, Polo Red, Polo Green, Polo Black, Polo 67, Safari, Polo Sport, and Big Pony Men's brand names. Its restaurant collection includes The Polo Bar in New York City; RL Restaurant in Chicago; Ralph's in Paris; The Bar at Ralph Lauren located in Milan; Ralph's Bar located in Chengdu, China; and Ralph's Coffee concept. The company sells its products to department stores, specialty stores, and golf and pro shops, as well as directly to consumers through its retail stores, concession-based shop-within-shops, and its digital commerce sites. It operates retail stores and concession-based shop-within-shops; and operates Ralph Lauren stores and shops through licensing partners. Ralph Lauren Corporation was founded in 1967 and is based in New York, New York."}, "DRI": {"ticker": "DRI", "name": "Darden Restaurants, Inc.", "sector": "consumer-cyclical", "description": "Darden Restaurants, Inc., together with its subsidiaries, owns and operates full-service restaurants in the United States and Canada. The company operates under Olive Garden, LongHorn Steakhouse, Cheddar's Scratch Kitchen, Chuy's, Yard House, Ruth's Chris Steak House, The Capital Grille, Seasons 52, Eddie V's Prime Seafood, Bahama Breeze, The Capital Burger, Darden and Darden Restaurants brand names. Darden Restaurants, Inc. was founded in 1938 and is based in Orlando, Florida."}, "LEN": {"ticker": "LEN", "name": "Lennar Corporation", "sector": "consumer-cyclical", "description": "Lennar Corporation, together with its subsidiaries, operates as a homebuilder primarily under the Lennar brand in the United States. It operates through Homebuilding East, Homebuilding Central, Homebuilding South Central, Homebuilding West, Financial Services, Multifamily, and Lennar Other segments. The company's homebuilding operations include the construction and sale of single-family attached and detached homes, as well as the purchase, development, and sale of residential land; and development, construction, and management of multifamily rental properties. It also offers residential mortgage financing, title insurance, and closing services for home buyers and others, as well as originating and selling securitization commercial mortgage loans. In addition, the company is involved in fund investment activities. It primarily serves first-time, move-up, active adult, and luxury homebuyers. The company was founded in 1954 and is based in Miami, Florida."}, "SW": {"ticker": "SW", "name": "Smurfit Westrock Plc", "sector": "consumer-cyclical", "description": "Smurfit Westrock Plc, together with its subsidiaries, manufactures, distributes, and sells containerboard, corrugated containers, and other paper-based packaging products in North America, South America, Europe, Asia, Africa, Australia, and internationally. The company produces containerboard and paperboard; packaging of corrugated containers; consumer packaging; and offers solid board, kraft paper, and graphic board, as well as other packaging products, such as solidboard packaging, paper sacks and bag-in-box. It produces linerboard and corrugated medium and paperboard; and other paper-based packaging, such as folding cartons, inserts, labels and displays. The company primarily serves food and beverage, healthcare, beauty and personal care, garden, consumer goods, industrial, and foodservice markets. It markets its products through its own sales force, independent sales representatives, and independent distributors. Smurfit Westrock Plc was founded in 1934 and is headquartered in Dublin, Ireland."}, "BURL": {"ticker": "BURL", "name": "Burlington Stores, Inc.", "sector": "consumer-cyclical", "description": "Burlington Stores, Inc. operates as a retailer of branded merchandise in the United States and Puerto Rico. The company offers fashion-focused merchandise, including women's ready-to-wear apparel, menswear, youth apparel, footwear, accessories, home furnishings, toys, gifts, and coats, as well as baby and beauty merchandise products. It operates stores under the Burlington Stores, and Cohoes Fashions brands in Washington D.C. and Puerto Rico. The company was founded in 1972 and is headquartered in Burlington, New Jersey."}, "DKS": {"ticker": "DKS", "name": "DICK'S Sporting Goods, Inc.", "sector": "consumer-cyclical", "description": "DICK'S Sporting Goods, Inc., together with its subsidiaries, operates as an omni-channel sporting goods retailer primarily in the United States. It provides hardlines, including sporting goods equipment, fitness equipment, golf equipment, and fishing gear products; and apparel. The company also offers footwear and accessories, such as athletic shoes for running, walking, tennis, fitness and cross training, basketball, and hiking; and specialty footwear comprising casual footwear and a complete line of cleats for team sports. In addition, it owns and operates Sporting Goods, Golf Galaxy, Public Lands, Moosejaw, and Going Going Gone! specialty concept stores; and DICK'S House of Sport and Golf Galaxy Performance Center, as well as GameChanger, a youth sports mobile app for live streaming, scheduling, communications, and scorekeeping. Further, the company owns and operates Foot Locker, which includes Foot Locker, Kids Foot Locker, Champs Sports, WSS and atmos banners. It offers its products online, as well as through its mobile apps. The company was formerly known as Dick'S Clothing and Sporting Goods, Inc. and changed its name to DICK'S Sporting Goods, Inc. in April 1999. DICK'S Sporting Goods, Inc. was incorporated in 1948 and is headquartered in Coraopolis, Pennsylvania."}, "IP": {"ticker": "IP", "name": "International Paper Company", "sector": "consumer-cyclical", "description": "International Paper Company produces and sells renewable fiber-based packaging in North America, Latin America, Europe, South America, and North Africa. It operates through two segments, Packaging Solutions North America and Packaging Solutions EMEA. The company offers linerboard, medium, whitetop, and saturating kraft; and converts containerboard into corrugated boxes, bulk bins, shipping containers and specialty packaging through its converting facilities. Its products support customers in various industries, such as food and beverage, agriculture, industrial manufacturing, personal care pharmaceuticals and consumer goods. The company was founded in 1898 and is headquartered in Memphis, Tennessee."}, "LULU": {"ticker": "LULU", "name": "lululemon athletica inc.", "sector": "consumer-cyclical", "description": "lululemon athletica inc., together with its subsidiaries, designs, distributes, and retails technical athletic apparel, footwear, and accessories for women and men under the lululemon brand in the United States, Canada, Mexico, China, Hong Kong, Taiwan, Macau, Greece, and internationally. It offers pants, shorts, tops, and jackets for athletic activities, such as yoga, running, training, and other activities. The company also provides fitness-inspired accessories. It sells its products through company-operated stores; seasonal stores, pop-ups, university campus retailers, and yoga and fitness studios; outlets; Like New, a re-commerce program; and its e-commerce website. The company was founded in 1998 and is based in Vancouver, Canada."}, "NVR": {"ticker": "NVR", "name": "NVR, Inc.", "sector": "consumer-cyclical", "description": "NVR, Inc. operates as a homebuilder in the United States. The company operates through Homebuilding and Mortgage Banking segments. It engages in the construction and sale of single-family detached homes, townhomes, and condominium buildings under the Ryan Homes, NVHomes, and Heartland Homes names. The company markets its Ryan Homes products to first-time and first-time move-up buyers; and NVHomes and Heartland Homes products to move-up and luxury buyers. It also provides various mortgage related services to its homebuilding customers, as well as brokers title insurance; performs title searches; and sells mortgage loans to investors in the secondary markets on a servicing released basis. The company primarily serves Maryland, Virginia, West Virginia, Delaware, Washington, D.C., New Jersey, Eastern Pennsylvania, New York, Ohio, Western Pennsylvania, Indiana, Illinois, North Carolina, South Carolina, Tennessee, Florida, Georgia, and Kentucky. NVR, Inc. was founded in 1948 and is headquartered in Reston, Virginia."}, "AMCR": {"ticker": "AMCR", "name": "Amcor plc", "sector": "consumer-cyclical", "description": "Amcor plc, together with its subsidiaries, engages in the production and sale of packaging products in Europe, North America, Latin America, and the Asia Pacific. The company operates in two segments, Global Flexible Packaging Solutions and Global Rigid Packaging Solutions. The Global Flexible Packaging Solutions segment develops and supplies flexible packaging products, including polymer resin, aluminum, and fiber based flexible packaging products to the food and beverage, medical and pharmaceutical, fresh produce, snack food, personal care, and other industries. The Global Rigid Packaging Solutions segment manufactures rigid packaging containers, closures, dispensing and pharma devices, and related products for the food and beverage applications. The company sells its products through its direct sales force. The company was incorporated in 1926 and is headquartered in Zurich, Switzerland."}, "FLUT": {"ticker": "FLUT", "name": "Flutter Entertainment plc", "sector": "consumer-cyclical", "description": "Flutter Entertainment plc operates as a sports betting and gaming company in the United States, the United Kingdom, Ireland, Australia, Italy, and internationally. It provides sportsbooks; iGaming products, such as blackjack, roulette, slot machines, poker, and rummy, as well as lottery products; and sports betting products, which include Betfair betting exchanges, daily fantasy sports, and horse racing wagering under the TVG brand. The company offers sports betting and gaming services through fanduel.com, tvg.com, betfair.com, paddypower.com, and paddypower.ie, sportsbet.com.au, pokerstars.com, betfair.com, sisal.it, maxbet.rs, and adjarabet.com websites under the FanDuel, Sky Betting & Gaming, Sportsbet, PokerStars, Paddy Power, Sisal, tombola, Betfair, TVG, Adjarabet, and MaxBet brands, as well as live poker tours and events. It also provides business-to-business pricing and risk management services. The company was formerly known as Paddy Power Betfair plc and changed its name to Flutter Entertainment plc in 2019. Flutter Entertainment plc was incorporated in 1958 and is headquartered in New York, New York."}, "WMT": {"ticker": "WMT", "name": "Walmart Inc.", "sector": "consumer-defensive", "description": "Walmart Inc. engages in the operation of retail and wholesale stores and clubs, ecommerce websites, and mobile applications worldwide. The company operates through three segments: Walmart U.S., Walmart International, and Sam's Club U.S. It operates supercenters, supermarkets, warehouse clubs, cash and carry stores, and discount stores under Walmart and Walmart Neighborhood Market brands; membership-only warehouse clubs; and ecommerce websites, such as walmart.com.mx, walmart.ca, flipkart.com, PhonePe and other sites. It offers grocery items, including dry grocery, snacks, dairy, meat, produce, deli and bakery, frozen foods, alcoholic and nonalcoholic beverages, as well as consumables, such as health and beauty aids, pet supplies, household chemicals, paper goods, and baby products; and fuel and other categories. In addition, it is involved in the provision of health and wellness products covering pharmacy, optical and hearing services, over-the-counter drugs, and protein and nutrition products; and home, hardlines, and seasonal items, including home improvement, outdoor living, gardening, furniture, apparel, jewelry, tools and power equipment, housewares, toys, and mattresses. Further, the company offers consumer electronics and accessories, software, video games, office supplies, appliances, and third-party gift cards. Additionally, it operates digital payment platforms; offers financial services and related products, including money transfers, bill payments, money orders, check cashing, prepaid access, co-branded credit cards, installment lending, and earned wage access; and markets lines of merchandise under private and licensed brands. The company was formerly known as Wal-Mart Stores, Inc. and changed its name to Walmart Inc. in February 2018. Walmart Inc. was founded in 1945 and is based in Bentonville, Arkansas."}, "COST": {"ticker": "COST", "name": "Costco Wholesale Corporation", "sector": "consumer-defensive", "description": "Costco Wholesale Corporation, together with its subsidiaries, engages in the operation of membership warehouses in the United States, Puerto Rico, Canada, Mexico, Japan, the United Kingdom, Korea, Australia, Taiwan, China, Spain, France, Iceland, New Zealand, and Sweden. It offers merchandise, including sundries, dry groceries, candies, coolers, freezers, deli, liquor, and tobacco; non-food merchandise comprising appliances, small electronics, health and beauty aids, hardware, lawn and garden, sporting goods, tires, toys and seasonal, automotive, stamps, tickets, apparel, furniture, domestics, housewares, special order kiosks, and jewelry; and fresh food, such as meat, produce, service deli, and bakery products. The company is also involved in warehouse ancillary operations, which include gasoline, pharmacies, optical, food courts, hearing-aid centers, and tire installation centers. In addition, it engages in e-commerce, business centers, travel, and other businesses. The company was formerly known as Costco Companies, Inc. and changed its name to Costco Wholesale Corporation in August 1999. Costco Wholesale Corporation was founded in 1976 and is based in Issaquah, Washington."}, "PM": {"ticker": "PM", "name": "Philip Morris International Inc.", "sector": "consumer-defensive", "description": "Philip Morris International Inc. operates as a tobacco company. The company offers cigarettes and smoke-free products, including heat-not-burn, e-vapor, and oral nicotine products under the IQOS, VEEV, and ZYN brands; and consumer accessories, such as lighters and matches. It also offers wellness products. The company was incorporated in 1987 and is headquartered in Stamford, Connecticut."}, "MO": {"ticker": "MO", "name": "Altria Group, Inc.", "sector": "consumer-defensive", "description": "Altria Group, Inc., through its subsidiaries, manufactures and sells smokeable and oral tobacco products in the United States. It offers cigarettes primarily under the Marlboro brand; large cigars and pipe tobacco under the Black & Mild brand; moist smokeless tobacco and oral tobacco products under the Copenhagen, Skoal, Red Seal, and Husky brands; oral nicotine pouches under the on! brand; and e-vapor products under the NJOY ACE brand. The company sells its products to distributors, as well as large retail organizations, such as chain stores. Altria Group, Inc. was founded in 1822 and is headquartered in Richmond, Virginia."}, "MNST": {"ticker": "MNST", "name": "Monster Beverage Corporation", "sector": "consumer-defensive", "description": "Monster Beverage Corporation, through its subsidiaries, engages in development, marketing, sale, and distribution of energy drink beverages and concentrates in the United States and internationally. The company operates through four segments: Monster Energy Drinks, Strategic Brands, Alcohol Brands, and Other. It offers carbonated non-carbonated energy drinks, ready-to-drink iced teas, lemonades, juice cocktails, single-serve juices and fruit beverages, ready-to-drink dairy and coffee drinks, energy drinks, sports drinks and single-serve still waters, and sodas that are considered natural, sparkling juices, and flavored sparkling beverages. In addition, the company provides its products under the Monster Energy, Monster Energy Ultra, Rehab Monster, Monster Energy Nitro, Java Monster, Punch Monster, Juice Monster, Monster Tour Water, Reign Total Body Fuel, Reign Storm, Bang Energy, NOS, Full Throttle, Burn, Mother, Nalu, Ultra Energy, Play and Power Play, Relentless, BPM, BU, Samurai, Live+, Predator, and Fury brands. Further, it offers craft beers, flavored malt beverages,and hard seltzers under the Jai Alai IPA, Florida Man IPA, Dale's Pale Ale, Wild Basin Hard Seltzers, Dallas Blonde, Deep Ellum IPA, Perrin Brewing Company Black Ale, Hop Rising Double IPA, Wasatch Apricot Hefeweizen, The Beast, and Beast Tea, Blind Lemon, and Blinder Lemon brands. The company engages in the concentrates and/or beverage bases to authorized bottling, and canning operations. It sells its products to full-service beverage bottlers/distributors, retail grocery and specialty chains, wholesalers, club stores, mass merchandisers, convenience and gas chains, food service customers, value stores, e-commerce retailers, and the military. The company was formerly known as Hansen Natural Corporation and changed its name to Monster Beverage Corporation in January 2012. Monster Beverage Corporation was founded in 1985 and is headquartered in Corona, California."}, "MDLZ": {"ticker": "MDLZ", "name": "Mondelez International, Inc.", "sector": "consumer-defensive", "description": "Mondelez International, Inc., through its subsidiaries, manufactures, markets, and sells snack food and beverage products in Latin America, North America, Asia, the Middle East, Africa, and Europe. The company provides biscuits and baked snacks, including cookies, crackers, salted snacks, snack bars, and cakes and pastries; chocolates; and gums and candies, as well as various cheese, grocery, and powdered beverage products. Its brand portfolio includes Oreo, Ritz, LU, CLIF Bar, Tate's Bake Shop biscuits and baked snacks, Cadbury Dairy Milk, Milka, and Toblerone chocolate. It serves supermarket chains, wholesalers, supercenters, club stores, mass merchandisers, distributors, convenience stores, gasoline stations, drug stores, value stores, and other retail food outlets through direct store delivery, company-owned and satellite warehouses, distribution centers, third-party distributors, and other facilities, as well as through independent sales offices and agents. The company also sells products directly to businesses and consumers through e-retail platforms, retailer digital platforms, as well as through its direct-to-consumer websites and social media platforms. Mondelez International, Inc. was formerly known as Kraft Foods Inc. and changed its name to Mondelez International, Inc. in October 2012. The company was incorporated in 2000 and is headquartered in Chicago, Illinois."}, "TGT": {"ticker": "TGT", "name": "Target Corporation", "sector": "consumer-defensive", "description": "Target Corporation operates as a general merchandise retailer in the United States. It offers apparel for women, men, young adults, kids, toddlers, and babies, as well as jewelry, accessories, and shoes; and beauty products, such as skin and bath care, cosmetics, hair care, oral care, deodorant, and shaving products. The company also provides food and beverage products comprising dry and perishable grocery, including snacks, candy, beverages, deli, bakery, meat, produce, and food service; electronics which includes video games and consoles, toys, sporting goods, entertainment, and luggage; bed and bath, home d\u00e9cor, school/office supplies, storage, small appliances, kitchenware, greeting cards, party supplies, furniture, lighting, home improvement, and seasonal merchandise; and household essentials, such as household cleaning, paper products, over-the-counter healthcare, vitamins and supplements, baby gear, and pet supplies. In addition, it sells merchandise through periodic design and creative partnerships, and shop-in-shop experience; and in-store amenities. The company sells its products through its stores; and digital channels, including Target.com. Target Corporation was incorporated in 1902 and is headquartered in Minneapolis, Minnesota."}, "KR": {"ticker": "KR", "name": "The Kroger Co.", "sector": "consumer-defensive", "description": "The Kroger Co. operates as a food and drug retailer in the United States. The company operates combination food and drug stores, multi-department stores, marketplace stores, and price impact warehouses. Its combination food and drug stores offer natural food and organic sections, pharmacies, general merchandise, pet centers, fresh seafood, and organic produce; and its multi-department stores provide apparel, home fashion and furnishings, outdoor living, electronics, automotive products, and toys. The company's marketplace stores offer full-service grocery, pharmacy, health and beauty care, and perishable goods, as well as general merchandise, including apparel, home goods, and toys; and its price impact warehouse stores provide grocery, and health and beauty care items, as well as meat, dairy, baked goods, and fresh produce items. It also manufactures and processes food products for sale in its supermarkets and online; and sells fuel through its fuel centers. The company sells its products through its stores, fuel centers, and online platforms. The Kroger Co. was founded in 1883 and is based in Cincinnati, Ohio."}, "HSY": {"ticker": "HSY", "name": "The Hershey Company", "sector": "consumer-defensive", "description": "The Hershey Company, together with its subsidiaries, engages in the manufacture and sale of confectionery products and pantry items in the United States and internationally. It operates through three segments: North America Confectionery, North America Salty Snacks, and International. The company offers chocolate and non-chocolate confectionery products; gum and mint refreshment products, including mints, chewing gums, and bubble gums; protein bars; pantry items, such as baking ingredients, toppings, beverages, and sundae syrups; and snack items comprising spreads, bars, snack bites, mixes, popcorn, and pretzels. It provides its products primarily under the Hershey's, Reese's, Kisses, Jolly Rancher, Almond Joy, Brookside, barkTHINS, Cadbury, Good & Plenty, Heath, Kit Kat, Payday, Rolo, Twizzlers, Sour Strips, Whoppers, York, Ice Breakers, Breath Savers, Bubble Yum, Lily's, SkinnyPop, Pirates Booty, Dot's Homestyle Pretzels, and ONE Bar brands, as well as under the Pelon Pelo Rico, IO-IO, and Sofit brands. The company markets and sells its products to wholesale distributors, chain grocery stores, mass merchandisers, chain drug stores, vending companies, wholesale clubs, convenience stores, dollar stores, concessionaires, and department stores. It exports its products in approximately 65 countries worldwide. The Hershey Company was founded in 1894 and is based in Hershey, Pennsylvania."}, "SYY": {"ticker": "SYY", "name": "Sysco Corporation", "sector": "consumer-defensive", "description": "Sysco Corporation, through its subsidiaries, engages in the marketing and distribution of various food and related products to the foodservice or food-away-from-home industry in the United States, Canada, the United Kingdom, France, and internationally. It operates through U.S. Foodservice Operations, International Foodservice Operations, SYGMA, and Other segments. The company distributes frozen food, such as meat, seafood, fully prepared entr\u00e9es, fruits, vegetables, and desserts; canned and dry food products; fresh meat and seafood products; dairy products; beverages; imported specialties; and fresh produce products. It also supplies various non-food items, including paper products comprising disposable napkins, plates, and cups; tableware consisting of glassware and silverware; cookware, such as pots, pans, and utensils; restaurant and kitchen equipment and supplies; and cleaning supplies. It serves restaurants, hospitals and nursing facilities, schools and colleges, hotels and motels, industrial caterers, and other foodservice venues. Sysco Corporation was incorporated in 1969 and is headquartered in Houston, Texas."}, "KDP": {"ticker": "KDP", "name": "Keurig Dr Pepper Inc.", "sector": "consumer-defensive", "description": "Keurig Dr Pepper Inc. owns, manufactures, and distributors beverages and single serve brewing systems in the United States and internationally. The company operates through three segments: U.S. Refreshment Beverages, U.S. Coffee, and International. It manufactures and distributes branded concentrates, syrup, and finished beverages, as well as sales of owned brands and third-party brands; tea, cocoa, and other products; and offers finished goods relating to K-Cup pods, single serve brewers, specialty coffee, and ready to drink coffee products. The company offers its products under the Dr Pepper, Canada Dry, Mott's, A&W, Pe\u00f1afiel, GHOST, Snapple, 7UP, Green Mountain Coffee Roasters, Clamato, Core Hydration, The Original Donut Shop, Sunkist soda, Squirt, C4 Energy, Hawaiian Punch, Electrolit, Bloom, Bai, Evian, Yoo-Hoo, Vita Coco, Big Red, RC Cola, Crush, McCaf\u00e9, Tim Hortons, Van Houtte, Celestial Seasonings, Bigelow, Starbucks, Dunkin', Folgers, Peet's, 7up Energy, and Swiss Miss brands, as well as other partner and private label brands. It markets and sells its products to supermarkets, mass merchandisers, club stores, e-commerce retailers, office superstores, vending machines, fountains, grocery and drug stores, convenience stores, and other small outlets; and directly to consumers through Keurig.com website. Keurig Dr Pepper Inc. was founded in 1981 and is headquartered in Frisco, Texas."}, "KMB": {"ticker": "KMB", "name": "Kimberly-Clark Corporation", "sector": "consumer-defensive", "description": "Kimberly-Clark Corporation, together with its subsidiaries, manufactures and markets personal care products in the United States. It operates in two segments, North America and International Personal Care. The North America segment offers disposable diapers, training and youth pants, swimpants, baby wipes, feminine and incontinence care products, reusable underwear, facial and bathroom tissue, paper towels, napkins, wipers, tissue, towels, soaps and sanitizers, and other related products under the Huggies, Pull-Ups, Goodnites, Kotex, Poise, Depend, Kleenex, Scott, Cottonelle, Viva, Wypall , and other brand names. Its International Personal Care segment provides baby and child care, adult care and feminine care, including disposable diapers, training and youth pants, swimpants, baby wipes, feminine and incontinence care products, reusable underwear, and other related products under the Huggies, Kotex, Goodfeel, Intimus, Depend, and other brand names. The company sells its household use products directly to supermarkets, mass merchandisers, drugstores, warehouse clubs, variety and department stores, and other retail outlets, as well as through other distributors and e-commerce. It also sells its professional use products through distributors, directly to manufacturing, lodging, office building, food service, and high-volume public facilities, and through e-commerce. Kimberly-Clark Corporation was founded in 1872 and is headquartered in Dallas, Texas."}, "ADM": {"ticker": "ADM", "name": "Archer-Daniels-Midland Company", "sector": "consumer-defensive", "description": "Archer-Daniels-Midland Company provides human and animal nutrition ingredients and solutions in the United States, Switzerland, the Cayman Islands, Brazil, Mexico, Canada, the United Kingdom, and internationally. It operates in three segments: Ag Services and Oilseeds; Carbohydrate Solutions; and Nutrition. The company engages in the origination, merchandising, transportation, and storage of agricultural raw materials, as well as the crushing and processing of oilseeds, including soybeans and soft seeds, such as cottonseed, sunflower seed, canola, rapeseed, and flaxseed; produces and markets vegetable oils and oilseed protein meals used by food, feed, energy, and industrial customers; sale of crude and partially refined vegetable oils; supplies peanuts and peanut-derived ingredients; and manufactures cotton cellulose pulp. It is also involved in the grain sourcing, handling, and multimodal transportation network supporting import, export, and distribution activities; structured trade finance activities; corn and wheat wet and dry milling and related processing activities; production of distillers' grains, corn gluten feed, and corn gluten meal for use as animal feed ingredients; and carbon capture and sequestration and other emissions-reduction initiatives. In addition, the company engages in the creation, manufacturing, sale, and distribution of an array of ingredients and solutions comprising plant-based proteins, flavors and colors derived from nature, flavor systems, emulsifiers, soluble fiber, polyols, hydrocolloids, probiotics, prebiotics, postbiotics, enzymes, botanical extracts, and other specialty food and feed ingredients and systems. Further, it is involved in the derivatives and commodity exchanges and clearing houses; and insurance coverage for certain property, casualty, marine, medical, and other miscellaneous risks. The company was founded in 1902 and is based in Chicago, Illinois."}, "STZ": {"ticker": "STZ", "name": "Constellation Brands, Inc.", "sector": "consumer-defensive", "description": "Constellation Brands, Inc., together with its subsidiaries, produces, imports, markets, and sells beer, wine, and spirits in the United States, Canada, Mexico, New Zealand, and Italy. It offers beer under the Corona Extra, Corona Familiar, Corona Sunbrew, Corona Light, Corona Non-Alcoholic, Corona Premier, Modelo Especial, Modelo Chelada, Modelo Negra, Modelo Spiked Aguas Frescas, Modelo Oro, Modelo Noche Especial, Victoria, Vicky Chamoy, and Pacifico brand names. The company also offers wine under the Sea Smoke, Schrader Cellars, Kim Crawford, Mount Veeder, Ruffino, My Favorite Neighbor, Robert Mondavi Winery, and The Prisoner Wine Company brand names; and spirits under the Casa Noble, High West, Mi CAMPO, and Nelson's Green Brier brand names. It provides its products to wholesale distributors, retailers, and state alcohol beverage control agencies. Constellation Brands, Inc. was founded in 1945 and is headquartered in Rochester, New York."}, "DG": {"ticker": "DG", "name": "Dollar General Corporation", "sector": "consumer-defensive", "description": "Dollar General Corporation, a discount retailer, provides various merchandise products in the southern, southwestern, midwestern, and eastern United States. It offers consumable products, including paper towels, bath tissues, paper dinnerware, trash and storage bags, disinfectants, and laundry products; packaged food, such as cereals, pasta, canned soups, canned meats, fruits and vegetables, condiments, spices, sugar, and flour; and perishables, including milk, eggs, bread, refrigerated and frozen food, beer, wine, and produce; candy, cookies, crackers, salty snacks, and carbonated beverages; over-the-counter medicines and personal care products including soap, body wash, shampoo, cosmetics, dental hygiene and foot care products; pet supplies and pet food; and tobacco products. The company also provides seasonal products comprising holiday items, toys, batteries, small electronics, greeting cards, stationery, prepaid phones and accessories, gardening supplies, hardware, automotive, and home office supplies; home products include kitchen supplies, cookware, small appliances, light bulbs, storage containers, frames, candles, craft supplies and kitchen, and bed and bath soft goods; and apparel products for infants, toddlers, girls, boys, women and men, as well as socks, underwear, disposable diapers, shoes and accessories. The company was formerly known as J.L. Turner & Son, Inc. and changed its name to Dollar General Corporation in 1968. Dollar General Corporation was founded in 1939 and is based in Goodlettsville, Tennessee."}, "EL": {"ticker": "EL", "name": "The Est\u00e9e Lauder Companies Inc.", "sector": "consumer-defensive", "description": "The Est\u00e9e Lauder Companies Inc. manufactures, markets, and sells skin care, makeup, fragrance, and hair care products worldwide. The company offers skin care products, including moisturizers, serums, cleansers, toners, eye care, body care, exfoliators, acne care and oil correctors, facial masks, and sun care products; and makeup products, such as foundations, powders, concealers and setting sprays, lipsticks, lip liners and lip glosses, mascaras, and eyeshadows and eyeliners, as well as compacts, brushes, and other makeup tools. It also provides fragrance products in various forms comprising parfum, eau de parfum, eau de toilette, eau de cologne, and body spray, as well as lotions, creams, powders, candles and soaps; and hair care products, including shampoos, conditioners, styling products, treatment, finishing sprays, and hair colour products, as well as sells ancillary products and services. The company offers its products under the La Mer, Jo Malone London, TOM FORD, AERIN Beauty, Le Labo, Editions de Parfums Fr\u00e9d\u00e9ric Malle, KILIAN PARIS, BALMAIN Beauty, Est\u00e9e Lauder, Clinique, M\u00b7A\u00b7C, The Ordinary, Aveda, Bobbi Brown Cosmetics, Too Faced, Dr.Jart+, Bumble and bumble, Editions de Parfums Fr\u00e9d\u00e9ric Malle, Smashbox, Darphin Paris, Lab Series, NIOD, Aramis, and GLAMGLOW brands. It sells its products through department stores, duty-free retailers, specialty multi retailers, online pure players, upscale perfumeries and pharmacies, and top-tier salons and spas, as well as direct-to-consumer businesses across freestanding stores, and brand websites and third-party online platforms. The Est\u00e9e Lauder Companies Inc. was founded in 1946 and is headquartered in New York, New York."}, "KHC": {"ticker": "KHC", "name": "The Kraft Heinz Company", "sector": "consumer-defensive", "description": "The Kraft Heinz Company, together with its subsidiaries, manufactures and markets food and beverage products in North America and internationally. Its products include condiments, sauces, dressings, and spreads; cheese, frozen potato products, and other frozen meals; meal kits, frozen snacks, and pickles; dry packaged desserts, refrigerated ready to eat desserts, and other dessert toppings; ready to drink and powdered beverages, and liquid concentrates; American sliced and recipe cheeses; mainstream coffee, coffee pods, and premium coffee; and cold cuts, bacon, and hot dogs. It offers its products under the Kraft, Oscar Mayer, Heinz, Philadelphia, Lunchables, Velveeta, Ore-Ida, Capri Sun, Maxwell House, Kool-Aid, Jell-O, ABC, Master, Quero, Golden Circle, Wattie's, Pudliszki, and Plasmon brands, as well as Bagel Bites, Claussen, A1, and Cool Whip. It sells its products through its own sales organizations, as well as through independent brokers, agents, and distributors to chain, wholesale, cooperative, and independent grocery accounts; convenience, value, and club stores; pharmacies and drug stores; mass merchants; foodservice distributors; institutions, including hotels, restaurants, bakeries, hospitals, health care facilities, and government agencies; and various e-commerce platforms and retailers. The company has a strategic partnership with the National Football League. The company was formerly known as H.J. Heinz Holding Corporation and changed its name to The Kraft Heinz Company in July 2015. The company was founded in 1869 and is headquartered in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania."}, "BG": {"ticker": "BG", "name": "Bunge Global SA", "sector": "consumer-defensive", "description": "Bunge Global SA operates as an agribusiness and food company worldwide. It operates through four segments: Soybean Processing and Refining, Softseed Processing and Refining, Other Oilseeds Processing and Refining, and Grain Merchandising and Milling. The Soybean Processing and Refining segment is involved in the purchase, storage, transportation, processing, distribution, refining, marketing, and sale of soybeans and soybean related products, as well as biodiesel and fertilizer production and distribution for the food, animal feed and biofuel industries. The Softseed Processing and Refining segment is involved in the purchase, storage, transportation, processing, distribution, refining, marketing, and sale of softseeds and softseed related products, as well as biodiesel production and distribution. The Other Oilseeds Processing and Refining Segment is involved in products of a specialty nature, including the purchase, storage, transportation, processing, distribution, refining, marketing, and sale of these related products. The Grain Merchandising and Milling segment is involved in the purchase, storage, transportation, distribution, and marketing of commodities primarily consisting of corn, wheat, barley, cotton, pulses, and sugar; milling of wheat and sugar; and related services including ocean freight and financial services. Bunge Global SA was founded in 1818 and is headquartered in Chesterfield, Missouri."}, "CHD": {"ticker": "CHD", "name": "Church & Dwight Co., Inc.", "sector": "consumer-defensive", "description": "Church & Dwight Co., Inc. develops, manufactures, and markets household, personal care, and specialty products. It operates in three segments: Consumer Domestic, Consumer International, and Specialty Products Division. The company offers baking soda, cat litters, laundry detergents, carpet deodorizers, and other baking soda-based products under the ARM & HAMMER brand; stain removers, cleaning solutions, laundry detergents, and bleach alternatives under the OXICLEAN brand; dry shampoos under the BATISTE brand; water flossers under the WATERPIK brand; oral care products under the THERABREATH brand; acne treatment products under the HERO brand; hand sanitizers under the TOUCHLAND brand; and condoms, lubricants, and vibrators under the TROJAN brand. It also provides home pregnancy and ovulation test kits under the FIRST RESPONSE brand; depilatories under the NAIR; oral analgesics under the ORAJEL brand; laundry detergents under the XTRA brand; and cold shortening and relief products under the ZICAM brand. In addition, the company's specialty products include animal and food productivity products, such as ARM & HAMMER baking soda as a feed additive to help dairy cow; BIO-CHLOR and FERMENTEN used to reduce health issues associated with calving, as well as needed protein; CELMANAX refined functional carbohydrate, a yeast-based prebiotic; and CERTILLUS a probiotics products used in the poultry, dairy, beef, and swine industries. Additionally, it offers sodium bicarbonate; and cleaning and deodorizing products. The company sells its consumer products through supermarkets, mass merchandisers, wholesale clubs, drugstores, convenience stores, home stores, dollar and other discount stores, pet and other specialty stores, websites and other e-commerce channels; and specialty products to industrial customers and livestock producers through distributors. Church & Dwight Co., Inc. was founded in 1846 and is headquartered in Ewing, New Jersey."}, "TSN": {"ticker": "TSN", "name": "Tyson Foods, Inc.", "sector": "consumer-defensive", "description": "Tyson Foods, Inc., together with its subsidiaries, operates as a food company worldwide. It operates through four segments: Beef, Pork, Chicken, and Prepared Foods. The company processes live fed cattle and hogs; fabricates dressed beef and pork carcasses into primal and sub-primal meat cuts, as well as case ready beef and pork, and fully cooked meats; raises and processes chickens into fresh, frozen, and value-added chicken products, including breaded chicken strips, nuggets, patties, and other ready-to-fix or fully cooked chicken parts; and supplies poultry breeding stock. It also manufactures and markets frozen and refrigerated food products, including ready-to-eat sandwiches, flame-grilled hamburgers, Philly steaks, pepperoni, bacon, breakfast sausage, turkey, lunchmeat, hot dogs, flour and corn tortilla products, appetizers, snacks, prepared meals, ethnic foods, side dishes, meat dishes, breadsticks, and processed meats under the Tyson, Jimmy Dean, Hillshire Farm, Ball Park, Wright, Aidells, Gallo Salame, ibp, and State Fair brands. The company sells its products through its sales staff to grocery retailers, grocery wholesalers, meat distributors, warehouse club stores, military commissaries, industrial food processing companies, chain restaurants or their distributors, live markets, international export companies, and domestic distributors who serve restaurants and food service operations, such as plant and school cafeterias, convenience stores, hospitals, and other vendors, as well as through independent brokers and trading companies. Tyson Foods, Inc. was founded in 1935 and is headquartered in Springdale, Arkansas."}, "DLTR": {"ticker": "DLTR", "name": "Dollar Tree, Inc.", "sector": "consumer-defensive", "description": "Dollar Tree, Inc. operates retail discount stores under the Dollar Tree and Dollar Tree Canada brands in the United States and Canada. The company offers consumable merchandise comprising everyday consumables, such as household paper and chemicals, food, candy, health, personal care products, and frozen and refrigerated food; variety merchandise consisting of toys, durable housewares, gifts, stationery, party goods, greeting cards, softlines, arts and crafts supplies, and other items; and seasonal goods, including Christmas, Easter, Halloween, and Valentine's Day merchandise. The company was founded in 1986 and is based in Chesapeake, Virginia."}, "USFD": {"ticker": "USFD", "name": "US Foods Holding Corp.", "sector": "consumer-defensive", "description": "US Foods Holding Corp., together with its subsidiaries, markets, sells, and distributes fresh, frozen, and dry food and non-food products to foodservice customers in the United States. The company also provides MOXe, an all-in-one foodservice business application. Its customers include independently owned single and multi-unit restaurants, regional concepts, national restaurant chains, hospitals, nursing homes, hotels and motels, country clubs, government and military organizations, colleges and universities, and retail locations. The company was formerly known as USF Holding Corp. and changed its name to US Foods Holding Corp. in February 2016. US Foods Holding Corp. was incorporated in 2007 and is headquartered in Rosemont, Illinois."}, "GIS": {"ticker": "GIS", "name": "General Mills, Inc.", "sector": "consumer-defensive", "description": "General Mills, Inc. manufactures and markets branded consumer foods in the United States and internationally. The company operates through four segments: North America Retail; International; North America Pet; and North America Foodservice. It offers grain, ready-to-eat cereals, refrigerated yogurt, soup, meal kits, refrigerated and frozen dough products, dessert and baking mixes, bakery flour, frozen pizza and pizza snacks, snack bars, fruit and savory snacks, ice cream and frozen desserts, unbaked and fully baked frozen dough products, frozen hot snacks, ethnic meals, side dish mixes, frozen breakfast and entrees, nutrition bars, and frozen and shelf-stable vegetables. The company also manufactures and markets pet food products, including dog and cat food; and operates ice cream parlors. It markets its products under the Annies, Betty Crocker, Bisquick, Blue Buffalo, Bugles, Cascadian Farm, Cheerios, Chex, Cinnamon Toast Crunch, Cocoa Puffs, Cookie Crisp, Dunkaroos, Edgard & Cooper, Fiber One, By The Foot, Gushers, Roll-Ups, Gardettos, Gold Medal, Golden Grahams, H\u00e4agen-Dazs, Kitano, Kix, L\u00e4rabar, Latina, Lucky Charms, As Well As Muir Glen, Nature Valley, Nudges, Oatmeal Crisp, Old El Paso, Pillsbury, Progresso, Tastefuls, Tiki Pets, Total, Totinos, Trix, True Chews, True Solutions, Wanchai Ferry, Wheaties, Wilderness, and Yoki brands. In addition, the company sells its products to grocery stores, mass merchandisers, membership stores, natural food chains, drug, dollar and discount chains, e-commerce retailers, commercial and noncommercial foodservice distributors and operators, restaurants, convenience stores, and pet specialty stores. The company was founded in 1866 and is headquartered in Minneapolis, Minnesota."}, "PFGC": {"ticker": "PFGC", "name": "Performance Food Group Company", "sector": "consumer-defensive", "description": "Performance Food Group Company, through its subsidiaries, engages in the marketing and distribution of food and food-related products in North America. It operates through three segments: Foodservice, Convenience, and Specialty. The company offers beef, pork, poultry, and seafood; frozen food and refrigerated products; dry groceries comprising cleaning and kitchen supplies and disposables; candy, snacks, and beverages; and fresh products, groceries, dairy, bread, beverages, general merchandise, and health and beauty care products, as well as cigarettes and other nicotine products. It also operates distribution centers. In addition, the company provides marketing programs and technology solutions to customer locations, as well as value-added services in the areas of product selection and procurement, menu development, and operational strategy. It serves individual restaurants, national and regional chain restaurants, vending distributors, theaters, retailers, and national, regional, and independent convenience stores. Performance Food Group Company was founded in 1885 and is headquartered in Richmond, Virginia."}, "MKC": {"ticker": "MKC", "name": "McCormick & Company, Incorporated", "sector": "consumer-defensive", "description": "McCormick & Company, Incorporated manufactures, markets, and distributes herbs, spices, seasoning mixes, condiments, and other flavorful products to the food industry. It operates in two segments, Consumer and Flavor Solutions. The Consumer segment offers spices, herbs, and seasonings, as well as condiments and sauces, and desserts. This segment markets its products under the McCormick, French's, Frank's RedHot, Lawry's, Cholula Hot Sauce, Club House, Gourmet Garden, and OLD BAY brands in the Americas; Ducros, Schwartz, Kamis, LA Drogheria, and Vahin\u00e9 brands in Europe, the Middle East, and Africa; and McCormick and DaQiao brands in the Asia/Pacific, as well as markets desserts under the Aeroplane brand and packaged chilled herbs under the Gourmet Garden brand name; and markets authentic regional brands, such as Zatarain's, Stubb's, Thai Kitchen, and Simply Asia. It also supplies its products under the private labels. This segment serves retailers comprising grocery, mass merchandise, warehouse clubs, discount and drug stores, and e-commerce retailers directly and indirectly through distributors, wholesale foodservice suppliers, and e-commerce. The Flavor Solutions segment offers seasoning blends, spices and herbs, condiments, coating systems, and compound flavors to multinational food manufacturers and foodservice customers. It serves foodservice customers directly and indirectly through distributors. The company was founded in 1889 and is headquartered in Hunt Valley, Maryland."}, "BF-B": {"ticker": "BF-B", "name": "Brown-Forman Corporation", "sector": "consumer-defensive", "description": "Brown-Forman Corporation, together with its subsidiaries, manufactures, distills, bottles, imports, exports, markets, and sells a variety of alcohol beverages. It provides spirits, wines, whiskey spirits, whiskey-based flavored liqueurs, ready-to-drink cocktails, ready-to-pour products, vodkas, tequilas, gin, brandy, rum, bourbons, and liqueurs. The company offers its products primarily under the Jack Daniel's, Woodford Reserve, Old Forester, Gentleman Jack, Herradura, el Jimador, Fords Gin, The Glendronach, Benriach, Glenglassaugh, and Slane brands. It is also involved in the sale of used barrels, and bulk whiskey and wine; and provision of contract bottling services. The company serves retail customers and consumers through distributors and state governments; and retailers, wholesalers, and provincial governments directly. It operates in the United States, Germany, Australia, the United Kingdom, Canada, France, Mexico, Poland, Brazil, T\u00fcrkiye, and internationally. Brown-Forman Corporation was founded in 1870 and is headquartered in Louisville, Kentucky."}, "CLX": {"ticker": "CLX", "name": "The Clorox Company", "sector": "consumer-defensive", "description": "The Clorox Company manufactures and markets consumer and professional products worldwide. The company operates through four segments: Health and Wellness, Household, Lifestyle, and International. The Health and Wellness segment offers home care cleaning and disinfecting products, bleach, clog removers, and laundry additives under the Clorox, Clorox2, Pine-Sol, Scentiva, Tilex, Liquid-Plumr, Poett, and Formula 409 brands; professional cleaning and disinfecting products under the CloroxPro and Clorox Healthcare brands; professional food service products under the Hidden Valley brand in the United States. The Household segment provides cat litter products under the Fresh Step and Scoop Away brands; bags and wraps under the Glad brand; and grilling products under the Kingsford brand in the United States. The Lifestyle segment offers dressings, dips, seasonings, and sauces primarily under the Hidden Valley brand; water-filtration products under the Brita brand; and natural personal care products under the Burt's Bees brand in the United States. The International segment provides laundry additives, home care products, bags and wraps, cat litter products, water-filtration systems, professional cleaning and disinfecting products, natural personal care products, food, grilling products, and digestive health products internationally primarily under the Clorox, Glad, Poett, Brita, Burt's Bees, Pine-Sol, Ever Clean, Clorinda, Chux and Fresh Step Brands. It also offers vitamins, minerals, and supplement products under the Natural Vitality, RenewLife, NeoCell, and Rainbow Light brands. The company sells its products through mass retailers; grocery outlets; warehouse clubs; dollar stores; home hardware centers; drug, pet, and military stores; third-party and owned e-commerce channels; and distributors, as well as a direct sales force. The company was founded in 1913 and is headquartered in Oakland, California."}, "COKE": {"ticker": "COKE", "name": "Coca-Cola Consolidated, Inc.", "sector": "consumer-defensive", "description": "Coca-Cola Consolidated, Inc., together with its subsidiaries, manufactures, markets, and distributes nonalcoholic beverages in the United States. It operates through Nonalcoholic Beverages and All Other segments. The company offers sparkling beverages; still beverages, including energy products; noncarbonated beverages, such as bottled water, ready to drink coffee and tea, enhanced water, juices, and sports drinks. It also sells its products to other Coca-Cola bottlers; and post-mix products that are dispensed through equipment, which mix the fountain syrups with carbonated or still water enabling fountain retailers to sell finished products to consumers in cups or glasses. In addition, the company manufactures and distributes various other beverage brands comprising Dr Pepper and Monster Energy. It sells and distributes its products directly to customers, including grocery stores, mass merchandise stores, club stores, convenience stores and drug stores, restaurants, schools, amusement parks, and recreational facilities, as well as vending machine outlets. The company was formerly known as Coca-Cola Bottling Co. Consolidated and changed its name to Coca-Cola Consolidated, Inc. in January 2019. Coca-Cola Consolidated, Inc. was founded in 1902 and is headquartered in Charlotte, North Carolina."}, "BJ": {"ticker": "BJ", "name": "BJ's Wholesale Club Holdings, Inc.", "sector": "consumer-defensive", "description": "BJ's Wholesale Club Holdings, Inc., together with its subsidiaries, operates membership warehouse clubs on the eastern half of the United States. The company offers groceries, fresh food, general merchandise, gasoline, and other ancillary services. It sells its products through its clubs; the BJs.com website; and its mobile app. The company was formerly known as Beacon Holding Inc. and changed its name to BJ's Wholesale Club Holdings, Inc. in February 2018. BJ's Wholesale Club Holdings, Inc. was founded in 1984 and is headquartered in Marlborough, Massachusetts."}, "HRL": {"ticker": "HRL", "name": "Hormel Foods Corporation", "sector": "consumer-defensive", "description": "Hormel Foods Corporation develops, processes, and distributes various meat, nuts, and other food products to foodservice, convenience store, and commercial customers in the United States and internationally. It operates through three segments: Retail, Foodservice, and International segments. The company provides various perishable products, including resh meats, frozen items, refrigerated meal solutions, bacon, sausages, hams, guacamole, and other items that require refrigeration; and shelf-stable products, such as canned luncheon meats, nut butters, snack nuts, chili, shelf-stable microwaveable meals, hash, stews, tortillas, salsas, tortilla chips, and other items that do not require refrigeration. It sells its products under the HORMEL, ALWAYS TENDER, APPLEGATE, AUSTIN BLUES, BACON 1, BLACK LABEL, BREAD READY, BURKE, CAF\u00c9 H, CERATTI, CHI-CHI'S, COLUMBUS, COMPLEATS, CORN NUTS, CURE 81, DAN'S PRIZE, DI LUSSO, DINTY MOORE, DON MIGUEL, DO\u00d1A MARIA, EMBASA, FAST \u0091N EASY, FIRE BRAISED, FONTANINI, HERDEZ, HORMEL GATHERINGS, HOUSE OF TSANG, JENNIE-O, JUSTIN'S, LA VICTORIA, LAYOUT, LLOYD'S, MARY KITCHEN, MR. PEANUT, NATURAL CHOICE, NUT-RITION, OLD SMOKEHOUSE, OVEN READY, PILLOW PACK, PLANTERS, ROSA GRANDE, SADLER'S SMOKEHOUSE, SKIPPY, SPAM, SQUARE TABLE, SPECIAL RECIPE, VALLEY FRESH, and WHOLLY brands through sales personnel, independent brokers, and distributors. The company was formerly known as Geo. A. Hormel & Company and changed its name to Hormel Foods Corporation in January 1995. Hormel Foods Corporation was founded in 1891 and is headquartered in Austin, Minnesota."}, "SJM": {"ticker": "SJM", "name": "The J. M. Smucker Company", "sector": "consumer-defensive", "description": "The J. M. Smucker Company manufactures and markets branded food and beverage products worldwide. The company operates through four segments: U.S. Retail Coffee, U.S. Retail Frozen Handheld and Spreads, U.S. Retail Pet Foods, and Sweet Baked Snacks. It offers coffee, sweet baked goods, pet snacks, frozen handheld products, peanut butter, cat and dog food, fruit and specialty spreads, cookies, frozen sandwiches and snacks, hot beverages, portion control products, toppings and syrups, baking mixes and ingredients, and flour. The company provides its products under the Folgers, Caf\u00e9 Bustelo, Dunkin', Jif, Smucker's, Smucker's Uncrustables, Meow Mix, Milk-Bone, Pup-Peroni, Canine Carry Outs, Hostess, 1850, Robin Hood, and Five Roses brands. The company sells its products through direct sales and brokers to food retailers, club stores, discount and dollar stores, online retailers, pet specialty stores, distributors, drug stores, military commissaries, mass merchandisers, supermarket chains, national mass retailers, convenience stores, vending channels, and foodservice distributors and operators. The J. M. Smucker Company was founded in 1897 and is headquartered in Orrville, Ohio."}, "DAR": {"ticker": "DAR", "name": "Darling Ingredients Inc.", "sector": "consumer-defensive", "description": "Darling Ingredients Inc. develops, produces, and sells sustainable natural ingredients from edible and inedible bio-nutrients in North America, Europe, China, South America, and internationally. The Feed Ingredients segment collects and processes animal by-products into non-food grade oils and protein meals; bakery residuals into cookie meal used in poultry and swine rations; used cooking oil into non-food grade fats; and porcine and bovine blood into blood plasma powder and hemoglobin. This segment is also involved in the processing of selected portions of slaughtered animals into pet food, as well as of cattle hides and hog skins; production of organic fertilizers; rearing and processing of black soldier fly larvae into specialty proteins and fats for use in animal feed and pet food; and grease trap collection services to food service establishments. Its Food Ingredients segment engages in the purchase and processing of beef and pork bone chips, beef hides, and pig and fish skins into collagen; collection and processing of porcine and bovine intestines into natural casings; extraction and processing of porcine mucosa into crude heparin; collection and refining of animal fat into food grade fat; and processing of bones to bone chips and bone ash. The Fuel Ingredients segment is involved in the conversion of organic sludge and food waste into biogas; collection and conversion of fallen stock and certain animal by-products into low-grade energy sources; and processing of manure into natural bio-phosphate. It also provides environmental services, including disposal services; and yellow grease, fuel feedstock, and agriculture-based biofuels. The company sells its products under the Rendac, Sonac, FASA, Ecoson, Rousselot, Gelnex, and CTH brands. The company was formerly known as Darling International Inc. and changed its name to Darling Ingredients Inc. in May 2014. Darling Ingredients Inc. was founded in 1882 and is headquartered in Irving, Texas."}, "CELH": {"ticker": "CELH", "name": "Celsius Holdings, Inc.", "sector": "consumer-defensive", "description": "Celsius Holdings, Inc. develops, processes, manufactures, markets, sells, and distributes functional energy drinks in the United States, North America, Europe, the Asia Pacific, and internationally. The company offers CELSIUS ESSENTIALS, a functional energy drink formulated with aminos; and CELSIUS Hydration, a line of zero-sugar hydration powders featuring electrolytes in various fruit-forward flavors, as well as ready-to-drink energy beverages, on-the-go powder and hydration sticks, and nutrition and wellness products under CELSIUS, Alani Nu, and Rockstar brand names. It distributes its products through direct-to-store delivery, independent distributors, supermarkets, convenience stores, drug stores, nutritional stores, food service providers, and mass merchants, as well as natural food stores, fitness centers, mass market retailers, vitamin specialty stores, club stores, gyms, and e-commerce platforms. The company was formerly known as Vector Ventures, Inc. and changed its name to Celsius Holdings, Inc. in January 2007. Celsius Holdings, Inc. was founded in 2004 and is headquartered in Boca Raton, Florida."}, "TAP": {"ticker": "TAP", "name": "Molson Coors Beverage Company", "sector": "consumer-defensive", "description": "Molson Coors Beverage Company manufactures, markets, distributes, and sells beer and other malt beverage products in the Americas, Europe, the Middle East, Africa, and the Asia Pacific. It offers flavored malt beverages including hard seltzers, craft, spirits, and ready to drink beverages. The company also provides non-alcoholic beverages including premium mixers and energy drinks. It offers its products under Arnold Palmer Spiked, Aspall Cider, Blue Moon, Beck's, Blue Run Spirits, Cobra, Corona Extra, Coors Original, Fever-Tree, Heineken, Hidra, Leinenkugel's, Madri, Miller Genuine Draft, Molson Ultra, Peroni Nastro Azurro, Pilsner Urquell, Redd's, Rekorderlig, Sharp's, Simply Spiked, Staropramen, Stella Artois, Topo Chico Hard Seltzer, ZOA Energy, and Vizzy Hard Seltzer above premium brands; Bergenbier, Borsodi, Burgasko, Carling, Coors Banquet, Coors Light, Jelen, Miller Lite, Molson Canadian brands, Niksicko, and O\u009eujsko under the premium brands; and Branik, Icehouse, Keystone, Lowenbrau, Miller High Life, Milwaukee's Best, and Steel Reserve under the economy brands. The company was formerly known as Molson Coors Brewing Company and changed its name to Molson Coors Beverage Company in January 2020. Molson Coors Beverage Company was founded in 1774 and is based in Golden, Colorado."}, "PPC": {"ticker": "PPC", "name": "Pilgrim's Pride Corporation", "sector": "consumer-defensive", "description": "Pilgrim's Pride Corporation produces, processes, markets, and distributes fresh, frozen, and value-added chicken and pork products to retailers, distributors, and foodservice operators in the United States, Europe, and Mexico. The company offers fresh products, including refrigerated whole or cut-up chicken, selected chicken parts that are either marinated or non-marinated, primary pork cuts, added value pork, pork ribs, and lamb products; and prepared products, which include fully cooked, ready-to-cook and individually frozen chicken parts, strips, nuggets and patties, processed sausages, bacon, smoked meat, gammon joints, pre-packed meats, sandwich and deli counter meats, and meat balls and coated foods. It also provides plant-based protein, ready-to-eat meals, multi-protein frozen food, vegetarian food, and desserts. In addition, its exported products include whole chickens and chicken parts for distributors in the U.S. or frozen for distribution to export markets and primary pork cuts, hog heads, and trotters frozen for distribution. The company offers its products under the Pilgrim's, Just BARE, Gold'n Pump, Gold Kist, County Pride, Pierce Chicken, Pilgrim's Mexico, To-Ricos, Del Dia, Moy Park, Matteson's, Richmond, Fridge Raiders, and Denny brands. It serves chain restaurants, food processors, broad-line distributors, and other institutions; and retail market, such as grocery store chains, wholesale clubs, and other retail distributors. The company was founded in 1946 and is headquartered in Greeley, Colorado. Pilgrim's Pride Corporation operates as a subsidiary of JBS N.V."}, "PRMB": {"ticker": "PRMB", "name": "Primo Brands Corporation", "sector": "consumer-defensive", "description": "Primo Brands Corporation operates as a branded beverage company in North America. It offers bottle water solutions and water filtration services; and premium spring and sparkling water, purified water, self-service refill drinking water, flavored and enhanced beverages, water dispensers, and filtration equipment. The company has a portfolio of packaged branded beverages under the Poland Spring, Pure Life, Saratoga, Mountain Valley, Arrowhead, Deer Park, Ice Mountain, Ozarka, and Zephyrhills brands; purified brands, including Primo Water and Sparkletts; and flavored and enhanced brands, such as AC+ION and Splash Refresher. It distributes direct-to-consumer, retail, commercial and residential customers, and e-commerce and digital platforms. The company is based in Stamford, Connecticut."}, "INGR": {"ticker": "INGR", "name": "Ingredion Incorporated", "sector": "consumer-defensive", "description": "Ingredion Incorporated, together with its subsidiaries, engages in the manufacture and sale of sweeteners, starches, nutrition ingredients, and biomaterial solutions derived from wet milling and processing corn, and other starch-based materials to a range of industries worldwide. The company operates in Texture & Healthful Solutions; Food & Industrial Ingredients\u0096LATAM; and Food & Industrial Ingredients\u0096U.S./CANADA segments. It offers starch products for use in a range of processed foods; cornstarch; specialty paper starches for enhanced drainage, fiber retention, oil and grease resistance, improved printability, and biochemical oxygen demand control; starches and specialty starches for textile industry; industrial starches are used in the production of construction materials, textiles, adhesives, pharmaceuticals, and cosmetics, as well as in mining and water filtration; and specialty industrial starches for use in biomaterial applications, including biodegradable plastics, fabric softeners and detergents, hair and skin care applications, dusting powders for surgical gloves, and in the production of glass fiber and insulation. The company provides sweetener products comprising glucose syrups, high maltose syrup, high fructose corn syrup, dextrose, polyols, maltodextrin, glucose syrup solids, and non-genetically modified organism syrups for applications in food and beverage products, such as baked goods, snack foods, canned fruits, condiments, candy and other sweets, dairy products, ice cream, jams and jellies, prepared mixes, table syrups, and beverages. In addition, the company sells refined corn oil, corn gluten feed, and corn gluten meal; and other products. The company was formerly known as Corn Products International, Inc. and changed its name to Ingredion Incorporated in June 2012. Ingredion Incorporated was founded in 1906 and is headquartered in Westchester, Illinois."}, "CAG": {"ticker": "CAG", "name": "Conagra Brands, Inc.", "sector": "consumer-defensive", "description": "Conagra Brands, Inc., together with its subsidiaries, operates as a consumer packaged goods food company primarily in the United States. The company operates in four segments: Grocery & Snacks, Refrigerated & Frozen, International, and Foodservice. The Grocery & Snacks segment primarily offers shelf stable food products through various retail channels. The Refrigerated & Frozen segment provides temperature-controlled food products through various retail channels. The International segment offers food products in various temperature states through retail and foodservice channels outside of the United States. The Foodservice segment offers branded and customized food products, including meals, entrees, sauces, and various custom-manufactured culinary products packaged for restaurants and other foodservice establishments. The company sells its products under the Birds Eye, Marie Callender's, Duncan Hines, Healthy Choice, Slim Jim, Reddi-wip, Angie's, BOOMCHICKAPOP brands. Conagra Brands, Inc. was incorporated in 1919 and is headquartered in Chicago, Illinois."}, "SFM": {"ticker": "SFM", "name": "Sprouts Farmers Market, Inc.", "sector": "consumer-defensive", "description": "Sprouts Farmers Market, Inc., together with its subsidiaries, engages in the retailing of fresh, natural, and organic food products in the United States. The company offers healthy grocery stores; and lifestyle-friendly ingredients such as organic, plant-based, keto, paleo, non-GMO, and gluten-free. The company also offers perishable product categories, including produce, meat and meat alternatives, seafood, deli, bakery, floral, and dairy alternatives; and non-perishable product categories, such as grocery, vitamins and supplements, bulk items, frozen foods, beer and wine, and natural health and body care. It sells its products under the Sprouts brand. The company was founded in 1943 and is headquartered in Phoenix, Arizona."}, "CPB": {"ticker": "CPB", "name": "The Campbell's Company", "sector": "consumer-defensive", "description": "The Campbell's Company, together with its subsidiaries, manufactures and markets food and beverage products in the United States and internationally. It operates through Meals & Beverages, and Snacks segments. The Meals & Beverages segment engages in the retail and foodservice businesses in the United States and Canada. This segment provides Campbell's condensed and ready-to-serve soups; Swanson broth and stocks; Pacific Foods broth, soups, and non-dairy beverages; Prego pasta sauces; Pace Mexican sauces; Campbell's gravies, pasta, beans, and dinner sauces; Swanson canned poultry; V8 juices and beverages; Campbell's tomato juice; Rao's pasta sauces, dry pasta, frozen entr\u00e9es, frozen pizza, and soups; and Michael Angelo's frozen entr\u00e9es and pasta sauces, as well as snacking products in foodservice in Canada. Its Snacks segment retails Pepperidge Farm cookies, crackers, fresh bakery, and frozen products, that includes Goldfish crackers, Snyder's of Hanover pretzels, Lance sandwich crackers, Cape Cod and Kettle Brand potato chips, Late July snacks, Snack Factory pretzel crisps, and other snacking products. This segment is also involved in the snacking, and meals and beverage retail business in Latin America. It sells its products through retail food chains, mass discounters and merchandisers, club stores, convenience and dollar stores, e-commerce and other retail, commercial, and non-commercial establishments, and independent contractor distributors. The company was formerly known as Campbell Soup Company and changed its name to The Campbell's Company in November 2024. The Campbell's Company was founded in 1869 and is headquartered in Camden, New Jersey."}, "LW": {"ticker": "LW", "name": "Lamb Weston Holdings, Inc.", "sector": "consumer-defensive", "description": "Lamb Weston Holdings, Inc. engages in the production, distribution, and marketing of frozen potato products in the United States, Canada, Mexico, and internationally. It offers frozen potatoes, commercial ingredients, and appetizers under the Lamb Weston brand, as well as under various customer labels. The company also provides its products under its owned or licensed brands, such as Grown in Idaho and Alexia, and other licensed brands, as well as under retailers' own brands. It sells its products through a network of internal sales personnel and independent brokers, agents, and distributors to quick service and full-service restaurants and chains, wholesale, grocery, mass merchants, club retailers, and specialty retailers, as well as foodservice distributors and institutions, including businesses, educational institutions, independent restaurants, regional chain restaurants, and convenience stores. Lamb Weston Holdings, Inc. was incorporated in 1950 and is headquartered in Eagle, Idaho."}, "OLLI": {"ticker": "OLLI", "name": "Ollie's Bargain Outlet Holdings, Inc.", "sector": "consumer-defensive", "description": "Ollie's Bargain Outlet Holdings, Inc. operates as a retailer of closeout merchandise and excess inventory in the United States. The company offers health and beauty aids, food, candy, beverages, pet food and treats, laundry related products, and cleaning supplies; housewares and kitchen items, home decor products, furniture, household essential items, and home maintenance and utility items; patio furniture, air conditioners, fans, space heaters, toys, lawn and garden related products, outdoor items, holiday decor, gifts, and decorations products; books, stationery items, small electronic devices and accessories, clothing, sporting goods, pet products, automotive products, luggage and other general merchandise. It sells its products under the Ollie's, Ollie's Bargain Outlet, Good Stuff Cheap, Ollie's Army, Real Brands! Real Bargains, Sarasota Breeze, American Way brands. The company was formerly known as Bargain Holdings, Inc. and changed its name to Ollie's Bargain Outlet Holdings, Inc. in March 2015. Ollie's Bargain Outlet Holdings, Inc. was founded in 1982 and is headquartered in Harrisburg, Pennsylvania."}, "XOM": {"ticker": "XOM", "name": "Exxon Mobil Corporation", "sector": "energy", "description": "Exxon Mobil Corporation engages in the exploration and production of crude oil and natural gas in the United States, Canada, and internationally. The company operates through Upstream, Energy Products, Chemical Products, and Specialty Products segments. Its Upstream segment explores for and produces crude oil and natural gas. The Energy Products segment offers fuels, aromatics, and catalysts, as well as licensing services. Its Chemical Products segment manufactures and sells olefins, polyolefins, and intermediates. The Specialty Products segment offers finished lubricants, basestocks, waxes, synthetics, elastomers, and resins. It is also involved in the manufacture, trade, transport, and sale of crude oil, natural gas, petroleum products, petrochemicals, and other specialty products; and pursuit of lower-emission and business opportunities, including carbon capture and storage, hydrogen, lower-emission fuels, Proxxima resin systems, carbon materials, low-carbon data center, and lithium. In addition, the company offers aviation fuel. It sells its products under the Exxon, Esso, and Mobil brands. Exxon Mobil Corporation was founded in 1870 and is headquartered in Spring, Texas."}, "CVX": {"ticker": "CVX", "name": "Chevron Corporation", "sector": "energy", "description": "Chevron Corporation, through its subsidiaries, engages in the integrated energy and chemicals operations in the United States and internationally. It operates through Upstream, Downstream, and All Other segments. The Upstream segment engages in the exploration for, development, production, and transportation of crude oil and natural gas; processing, liquefaction, transportation, and regasification of liquefied natural gas; transportation of crude oil through pipelines; transportation, storage, and marketing of natural gas; carbon capture and storage; and operation of a gas-to-liquids plant. Its Downstream segment refines crude oil into petroleum products; markets crude oil, refined products, and lubricants; manufactures and markets renewable fuels; transports crude oil and refined products through pipeline, marine vessel, motor equipment, and rail car; and manufactures and markets commodity petrochemicals, plastics for industrial uses, and fuel and lubricant additives. The All Other segment engages in cash management and debt financing; insurance; real estate; and technology activities. It has operations in North America, South America, Europe, Africa, Asia, and Australia. The company was formerly known as ChevronTexaco Corporation and changed its name to Chevron Corporation in May 2005. Chevron Corporation was founded in 1879 and is headquartered in Houston, Texas."}, "COP": {"ticker": "COP", "name": "ConocoPhillips", "sector": "energy", "description": "ConocoPhillips explores for, produces, transports, and markets crude oil, bitumen, natural gas, liquefied natural gas (LNG), and natural gas liquids. It operates in five segments: Alaska; Lower 48; Canada; Europe, Middle East and North Africa; and Asia Pacific. The company's portfolio includes unconventional plays in North America; conventional assets in North America, Europe, Asia, and Australia; global LNG developments; oil sands assets in Canada; and an inventory of global exploration prospects. It serves in the United States, Canada, China, Equatorial Guinea, Libya, Malaysia, Norway, Singapore, the United Kingdom, and internationally. ConocoPhillips was founded in 1917 and is headquartered in Houston, Texas."}, "WMB": {"ticker": "WMB", "name": "The Williams Companies, Inc.", "sector": "energy", "description": "The Williams Companies, Inc., together with its subsidiaries, operates as an energy infrastructure company primarily in the United States. It operates through Transmission, Power & Gulf, Northeast G&P, West, and Gas & NGL Marketing Services segments. The Transmission, Power & Gulf segment comprises Transco, NWP, and Mountain West interstate natural gas pipelines, and their related natural gas storage facilities, as well as natural gas gathering and processing; and crude oil production handling and transportation assets in the Gulf Coast region. The Northeast G&P segment engages in the midstream gathering, processing, and fractionation activities in the Marcellus Shale region primarily in Pennsylvania and New York, and the Utica Shale region of eastern Ohio. The West segment consists of gas gathering, processing, and treating operations in the Rocky Mountain region of Colorado and Wyoming, the Barnett Shale region of north-central Texas, the Eagle Ford Shale region of South Texas, the Haynesville Shale region of northwest Louisiana, the Mid-Continent region that includes the Anadarko and Permian basins, and the DJ Basin of Colorado; and operates natural gas liquid (NGL) fractionation and storage assets in central Kansas near Conway. The Gas & NGL Marketing Services segment provides wholesale marketing, trading, storage, and transportation of natural gas for natural gas utilities, municipalities, power generators, and producers; asset management services; and transports and markets NGLs. The company owns and operates approximately 32,000 miles of pipelines. The Williams Companies, Inc. was founded in 1908 and is headquartered in Tulsa, Oklahoma."}, "EPD": {"ticker": "EPD", "name": "Enterprise Products Partners L.P.", "sector": "energy", "description": "Enterprise Products Partners L.P. provides midstream energy services to producers and consumers of natural gas, natural gas liquids (NGLs), crude oil, petrochemicals, and refined products. It operates in four segments: NGL Pipelines & Services; Crude Oil Pipelines & Services; Natural Gas Pipelines & Services; and Petrochemical & Refined Products Services. The NGL Pipelines & Services segment offers natural gas processing and related NGL marketing activities. This segment operates natural gas processing facilities located in Colorado, Louisiana, Mississippi, New Mexico, Texas, and Wyoming; NGL pipelines; NGL fractionation facilities; NGL and related product storage facilities; and NGL marine terminals. The Crude Oil Pipelines & Services segment operates crude oil pipelines; and crude oil storage and marine terminals, which include a fleet of approximately 200 tractor-trailer tank trucks that are used to transport crude oil. It also engages in crude oil marketing activities. The Natural Gas Pipelines & Services segment operates natural gas pipeline systems to gather, treat, and transport natural gas. It leases underground salt dome natural gas storage facilities in Napoleonville, Louisiana; owns an underground salt dome storage cavern in Wharton County, Texas; and transports, stores, and markets natural gas. The Petrochemical & Refined Products Services segment operates propylene fractionation facilities, including propylene fractionation units and propane dehydrogenation facilities, and related marketing activities; butane isomerization complex and related deisobutanizer operations; and octane enhancement, isobutane dehydrogenation, and high purity isobutylene production facilities. It also operates refined products pipelines and terminals; and ethylene export terminals; and provides refined products marketing and marine transportation services. The company was founded in 1968 and is headquartered in Houston, Texas."}, "SLB": {"ticker": "SLB", "name": "SLB N.V.", "sector": "energy", "description": "SLB N.V. engages in the provision of technology for the energy industry worldwide. The company operates through four divisions: Digital & Integration, Reservoir Performance, Well Construction, and Production Systems. The company provides field development and hydrocarbon production, carbon management, and integration of adjacent energy systems; reservoir interpretation and data processing services for exploration data; and well construction and production improvement services and products. It also offers subsurface geology and fluids evaluation information; stimulation services to restore or enhance well productivity through hydraulic fracturing, matrix stimulation, and water treatment; and intervention services to oil and gas operators. In addition, the company offers mud logging, directional drilling, measurement-while-drilling, and logging-while-drilling services, as well as engineering support services; supplies drilling fluid systems; designs, manufactures, and markets roller cone and fixed cutter drill bits; bottom-hole-assembly and borehole enlargement technologies; well planning, well drilling, engineering, supervision, logistics, procurement, and contracting of third parties, as well as drilling rig management solutions; and drilling equipment and services, as well as land drilling rigs and related services. Further, it provides artificial lift; supplies packers, safety valves, sand control technology, and various intelligent systems; midstream production systems; valves, chokes, actuators, and surface trees; and OneSubsea, an integrated solutions, products, systems, and services, including wellheads, subsea trees, manifolds and flowline connectors, control systems, connectors, and services. SLB N.V. was formerly known as Schlumberger Limited and change its name to SLB N.V. in October 2025. The company was founded in 1926 and is based in Houston, Texas."}, "KMI": {"ticker": "KMI", "name": "Kinder Morgan, Inc.", "sector": "energy", "description": "Kinder Morgan, Inc. operates as an energy infrastructure company primarily in North America. It operates through Natural Gas Pipelines, Products Pipelines, Terminals, and CO2 segments. The Natural Gas Pipelines segment owns and operates interstate and intrastate natural gas pipeline, and storage systems; natural gas gathering systems and natural gas processing and treating facilities; natural gas liquids fractionation facilities and transportation systems; and liquefied natural gas gasification, liquefaction, and storage facilities. The Products Pipelines segment owns and operates refined petroleum products, and crude oil and condensate pipelines; and associated product terminals and petroleum pipeline transmix facilities. The Terminals segment owns and/or operates liquids and bulk terminals that stores and handles various commodities, including gasoline, diesel fuel, renewable fuel and feedstocks, chemicals, ethanol, metals, and petroleum coke; and owns tankers. The CO2 segment produces, transports, and markets CO2 to recovery and production crude oil from mature oil fields; owns interests in/or operates oil fields and gasoline processing plants; and operates a crude oil pipeline system in West Texas, as well as owns and operates RNG and LNG facilities. The company was formerly known as Kinder Morgan Holdco LLC and changed its name to Kinder Morgan, Inc. in February 2011. Kinder Morgan, Inc. was founded in 1997 and is headquartered in Houston, Texas."}, "EOG": {"ticker": "EOG", "name": "EOG Resources, Inc.", "sector": "energy", "description": "EOG Resources, Inc., together with its subsidiaries, explores for, develops, produces, and markets crude oil, natural gas liquids, and natural gas in producing basins in the United States, the Republic of Trinidad and Tobago, and internationally. The company also offers crude oil and condensate, and gathering, processing and marketing. The company was formerly known as Enron Oil & Gas Company. EOG Resources, Inc. was incorporated in 1985 and is headquartered in Houston, Texas."}, "VLO": {"ticker": "VLO", "name": "Valero Energy Corporation", "sector": "energy", "description": "Valero Energy Corporation manufactures, markets, and sells petroleum-based and low-carbon liquid transportation fuels and petrochemical products in the United States, Canada, the United Kingdom, Ireland, Latin America, Mexico, Peru, and internationally. It operates through three segments: Refining, Renewable Diesel, and Ethanol. The company produces California Reformulated Gasoline Blendstock for Oxygenate Blending (CARBOB) and Conventional Blendstock for Oxygenate Blending (CBOB) gasolines, CARB diesel, diesel, jet fuel, heating oil, and asphalt; feedstocks; aromatics; sulfur and residual fuel oil; intermediate oils; and sulfur, sweet, and sour crude oils. It sells its refined products through wholesale rack and bulk markets; and through outlets under the Valero, Beacon, Diamond Shamrock, Shamrock, Ultramar, and Texaco brands. The company also owns and operates renewable diesel and ethanol plants, as well as produces and sells renewable diesel, renewable naphtha, and neat sustainable aviation fuel under the Diamond Green Diesel brand name. In addition, it offers ethanol and various co-products, including dry distillers grains, syrup, and inedible distillers corn oil to animal feed customers. The company was formerly known as Valero Refining and Marketing Company and changed its name to Valero Energy Corporation in August 1997. Valero Energy Corporation was founded in 1980 and is headquartered in San Antonio, Texas."}, "ET": {"ticker": "ET", "name": "Energy Transfer LP", "sector": "energy", "description": "Energy Transfer LP, together with its subsidiaries, provides energy-related services in the United States. It operates through Intrastate Transportation and Storage; Interstate Transportation and Storage; Midstream; Natural Gas Liquid (NGL) and Refined Products Transportation and Services; Crude Oil Transportation and Services; Investment in Sunoco LP; Investment in USA Compression Partners, LP (USAC); and All Other segments. The company owns and operates natural gas transportation pipelines and storage facilities; and approximately 12,200 miles of intrastate natural gas transportation pipelines and 20,090 miles of interstate natural gas pipelines. It also sells natural gas to electric utilities, independent power plants, local distribution and other marketing companies, and industrial end-users. In addition, the company owns and operates natural gas gathering pipelines, processing plants, and treating and conditioning facilities; and natural gas gathering, compression, treating, dehydration and processing, oil pipeline facilities. Further, it owns 5,700 miles of NGL pipelines; NGL fractionation and storage facilities; and other NGL storage assets and terminals. Additionally, the company provides crude oil transportation, terminalling, trucking, acquisition, and marketing activities; owns and operates approximately 18,000 miles of crude oil trunk and gathering pipelines; and sells and distributes motor fuels and other petroleum products under the Sunoco and EcoMaxx brands. It also offers natural gas compression; wholesale power trading; and carbon dioxide and hydrogen sulfide removal services, as well as management of coal and natural resources properties; sells standing timber; leases coal-related infrastructure facilities; and collects oil and gas royalties. The company was formerly known as Energy Transfer Equity, L.P. and changed its name to Energy Transfer LP in October 2018. Energy Transfer LP was founded in 1996 and is headquartered in Dallas, Texas."}, "MPC": {"ticker": "MPC", "name": "Marathon Petroleum Corporation", "sector": "energy", "description": "Marathon Petroleum Corporation, together with its subsidiaries, operates as an integrated downstream energy company in the United States. The company operates through three segments: Refining & Marketing; Midstream; and Renewable Diesel. The Refining & Marketing segment refines crude oil and other feedstocks at its refineries in the Gulf Coast, Mid-Continent, and West Coast regions of the United States; and purchases refined products and ethanol for resale and distributes refined products through transportation, storage, distribution, and marketing services. Its refined products include transportation fuels, such as reformulated gasolines and blend-grade gasolines; heavy fuel oil; and asphalt. This segment also manufactures propane and petrochemicals. The company sells refined products to wholesale marketing customers in the United States and internationally, buyers on the spot market, and independent entrepreneurs who operate primarily Marathon branded outlets, as well as through long-term fuel supply contracts to direct dealer locations primarily under the ARCO brand. The Midstream segment gathers, transports, stores, distributes, and markets crude oil and refined products, including renewable diesel and other hydrocarbon-based products through refining logistics assets, pipelines, terminals, towboats, and barges; gathers, processes, and transports natural gas; and transports, fractionates, stores, and markets natural gas liquids. The Renewable Diesel segment processes renewable feedstocks into renewable diesel, markets, and distributes renewable diesel through its Midstream segment and third parties. It sells renewable diesel to wholesale marketing customers, buyers on the spot market, and through long-term supply contracts to direct dealers under the ARCO brand. Marathon Petroleum Corporation was founded in 1887 and is headquartered in Findlay, Ohio."}, "PSX": {"ticker": "PSX", "name": "Phillips 66", "sector": "energy", "description": "Phillips 66 operates as an integrated downstream energy provider in the United States, the United Kingdom, Germany, and internationally. It operates through five segments: Midstream, Chemicals, Refining, Marketing and Specialties (M&S), and Renewable Fuels. The Midstream segment provides crude oil and refined petroleum product transportation, terminaling, and storage services, as well as natural gas and natural gas liquids (NGL) gathering, processing, transportation, fractionation, storage and marketing services. It also exports liquefied petroleum gas. The Chemicals segment produces and markets ethylene and other olefin products; aromatics and styrenics products, such as benzene, cyclohexane, styrene, and polystyrene; various specialty chemical products, including organosulfur chemicals, solvents, catalysts, and chemicals used in drilling and mining; and petrochemicals and plastics. The Refining segment refines crude oil and other feedstocks into petroleum products, such as gasolines and distillates, including aviation fuels. The M&S segment purchases for resale and markets refined products, including gasolines, distillates, and aviation fuels. This segment also manufactures and markets specialty products, such as automotive, commercial, industrial, and specialty lubricants, as well as base oils. The Renewable Fuels segment processes renewable feedstocks into renewable products, as well as supplies sustainable aviation fuel. This segment also procures renewable feedstocks, manages certain regulatory credits, and markets renewable diesel, renewable jet fuel, and other renewable fuels. The company markets its products under the Phillips 66, Conoco and 76, JET, Kendall, Red Line, and other private label brands. Phillips 66 was founded in 1875 and is headquartered in Houston, Texas."}, "BKR": {"ticker": "BKR", "name": "Baker Hughes Company", "sector": "energy", "description": "Baker Hughes Company provides a portfolio of technologies and services to energy and industrial value chain. Its Oilfield Services & Equipment segment designs and manufactures exploration, appraisal, development, production, rejuvenation, and decommissioning products and related services for onshore and offshore oilfield operations. This segment also provides drilling services, drill bits, and drilling and completions fluids; completions, intervention, measurements, pressure pumping, and wireline services; artificial lift systems, and oilfield and industrial chemicals; subsea projects and services, flexible pipe systems, and surface pressure control systems; and integrated well services and solutions. It serves oil and natural gas companies; the United States and international independent oil and natural gas companies; national or state-owned oil companies; engineering, procurement, and construction contractors; geothermal companies; and other oilfield service companies. The company's Industrial & Energy Technology segment offers gas technology equipment, such as drivers, driven equipment, and turnkey solutions for the mechanical and electric-drive, compression, and power-generation applications; aftermarket support and uptime gas technology services; non-destructive testing technologies, software, and services; pre-commissioning and maintenance services; flow control and safety solutions; mechanical and electromechanical gear transmission systems; Cordant, a software solution to optimize assets, processes, and energy use; Bently Nevada, a sensing and protection hardware for rack-based vibrating monitoring equipment and sensors; and climate technology solutions. It serves industrial, upstream, midstream, downstream, onshore, offshore, and small-to-large scale customers. The company was formerly known as Baker Hughes, a GE company and changed its name to Baker Hughes Company in October 2019. The company was incorporated in 2016 and is based in Houston, Texas."}, "MPLX": {"ticker": "MPLX", "name": "MPLX LP", "sector": "energy", "description": "MPLX LP owns and operates midstream energy infrastructure and logistics assets primarily in the United States. It operates in two segments, Crude Oil and Products Logistics; and Natural Gas and NGL Services. The company is involved in the gathering, processing, and transportation of natural gas; gathering, transportation, fractionation, storage, and marketing of natural gas liquids; gathering, storage, transportation, and distribution of crude oil and refined products, as well as other hydrocarbon-based products and renewables; and sale of residue gas and condensate. It also engages in inland marine businesses, comprising fleet of boats and barges transport light products, heavy oils, crude oil, renewable fuels, chemicals, and feedstocks in the Mid-Continent and Gulf Coast regions, as well as a marine repair facility located on the Ohio River; and distribution of fuel, as well as operates refining logistics, terminals, rail facilities, and storage caverns. In addition, it operates terminal facilities for the receipt, storage, blending, additization, handling, and redelivery of refined petroleum products through the pipeline, rail, marine, and truck transportation. MPLX GP LLC acts as the general partner of MPLX LP. The company was incorporated in 2012 and is headquartered in Findlay, Ohio. MPLX LP operates as a subsidiary of Marathon Petroleum Corporation."}, "OXY": {"ticker": "OXY", "name": "Occidental Petroleum Corporation", "sector": "energy", "description": "Occidental Petroleum Corporation, together with its subsidiaries, engages in the acquisition, exploration, and development of oil and gas properties in the United States and internationally. It operates through Oil and Gas and Midstream and Marketing. The Oil and Gas segment explores for, develops, and produces oil and condensate, natural gas liquids (NGLs), and natural gas. This segment also optimizes its transportation and storage capacity and invests in entities. The Midstream and Marketing segment purchases, markets, gathers, processes, transports and stores oil, condensate, NGLs, natural gas, carbon dioxide, and power. Occidental Petroleum Corporation was founded in 1920 and is headquartered in Houston, Texas."}, "LNG": {"ticker": "LNG", "name": "Cheniere Energy, Inc.", "sector": "energy", "description": "Cheniere Energy, Inc., an energy infrastructure company, primarily engages in the liquefied natural gas (LNG) related businesses in the United States. The company owns and operates the Sabine Pass LNG terminal in Cameron Parish, Louisiana; and the Corpus Christi LNG terminal near Corpus Christi, Texas. It also owns and operates the Creole Trail pipeline, a 94-mile natural gas supply pipeline that interconnects the Sabine Pass LNG Terminal with several large interstate and intrastate pipelines; and the Corpus Christi pipeline, a 21-mile natural gas supply pipeline that interconnects the Corpus Christi LNG terminal with interstate and intrastate natural gas pipelines. In addition, the company engages in the LNG and natural gas marketing business. Cheniere Energy, Inc. was incorporated in 1983 and is headquartered in Houston, Texas."}, "OKE": {"ticker": "OKE", "name": "ONEOK, Inc.", "sector": "energy", "description": "ONEOK, Inc. operates as a midstream service provider of gathering, processing, fractionation, transportation, storage, and marine export services in the United States. It operates in four segments: Natural Gas Gathering and Processing; Natural Gas Liquids; Natural Gas Pipelines; and Refined Products and Crude. The company owns natural gas gathering pipelines and processing plants in the Mid-Continent, Permian Basin, North Texas, Gulf Coast region, and Rocky Mountain regions; and provides midstream services to producers of NGLs. It also owns NGL gathering and distribution pipelines, fractionation, terminal and storage facilities; and transports refined products, including gasoline, diesel fuel, aviation fuel, kerosene, and heating oil. In addition, the company transports and stores natural gas through regulated interstate and intrastate natural gas transmission pipelines, and natural gas storage facilities; it owns and operates a parking garage in downtown Tulsa, Oklahoma; and leases buildings, warehouses, office space, land, and equipment, including pipeline equipment, pipeline capacity, rail cars, and information technology equipment. Further, the company transports, stores, and distributes refined products, purity NGLs, and crude oil, as well as conducts commodity-related activities, including liquids blending and marketing activities. It serves integrated and independent exploration and production companies; other NGL and natural gas gathering and processing companies; crude oil and natural gas production companies; utilities; industrial companies; natural gasoline distributors; propane distributors; municipalities; ethanol producers; petrochemical, refining, and marketing companies; and diluent users, refineries, and exporters. ONEOK, Inc. was founded in 1906 and is headquartered in Tulsa, Oklahoma."}, "FANG": {"ticker": "FANG", "name": "Diamondback Energy, Inc.", "sector": "energy", "description": "Diamondback Energy, Inc., an independent oil and natural gas company, acquires, develops, explores, and exploits unconventional, onshore oil and natural gas reserves in the Permian Basin in West Texas, the United States. The company primarily focuses on the development of the Spraberry and Wolfcamp formations of the Midland Basin; and the Wolfcamp and Bone Spring formations of the Delaware Basin, both of which are part of the Permian Basin in West Texas and New Mexico. Diamondback Energy, Inc. was founded in 2007 and is headquartered in Midland, Texas."}, "TRGP": {"ticker": "TRGP", "name": "Targa Resources Corp.", "sector": "energy", "description": "Targa Resources Corp., together with its subsidiaries, owns, operates, acquires, and develops a portfolio of complementary domestic infrastructure assets in North America. It operates in two segments, Gathering and Processing, and Logistics and Transportation. The company is involved in gathering, compressing, treating, processing, transporting, and selling natural gas; storing, fractionating, treating, transporting, and selling natural gas liquids (NGL) and NGL products, including services to liquefied petroleum gas exporters; and gathering, storing, terminaling, purchasing, and selling crude oil. It is involved in the purchase and resale of NGL products; and sale of propane, as well as provision of related logistics services to multi-state retailers, independent retailers, and other end-users. In addition, the company offers NGL balancing services; and transportation services to refineries and petrochemical companies in the Gulf Coast area, as well as purchases, markets, and resells natural gas. The company also leased and owned railcars, tractors, vacuum trucks and pressurized NGL barges. Targa Resources Corp. was incorporated in 2005 and is headquartered in Houston, Texas."}, "EQT": {"ticker": "EQT", "name": "EQT Corporation", "sector": "energy", "description": "EQT Corporation engages in the exploration, production, gathering, and transmission of hydrocarbons and natural gas. The company sells natural gas, natural gas liquids, and oil to marketers, utilities, and industrial customers located in the Appalachian Basin. It also provides marketing services and contractual pipeline capacity management services, as well as engages in risk management and hedging activities. The company was formerly known as Equitable Resources Inc. and changed its name to EQT Corporation in February 2009. EQT Corporation was founded in 1888 and is headquartered in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania."}, "HAL": {"ticker": "HAL", "name": "Halliburton Company", "sector": "energy", "description": "Halliburton Company provides products and services to the energy industry worldwide. It operates in two segments, Completion and Production, and Drilling and Evaluation. The Completion and Production segment offers production enhancement services that include stimulation and sand control services; cementing services, such as well bonding and casing, and casing equipment; and completion tools that offer downhole solutions and services, including well completion products and services, intelligent well completions, liner hanger systems, sand control systems, multilateral systems, and service tools. This segment also provides electrical submersible pumps, as well as artificial lift services; production solutions comprising coiled tubing, hydraulic workover units, downhole tools, and pumping and nitrogen services; pipeline and process services, such as pre-commissioning, commissioning, maintenance, and decommissioning; and specialty chemicals and services. The Drilling and Evaluation segment offers drilling fluid systems, performance additives, completion fluids, solids control, specialized testing equipment, and waste management services; drilling systems and services; wireline and perforating services consisting of open-hole logging, and cased-hole and slickline; and drill bits and services comprising roller cone bits, fixed cutter bits, hole enlargement, and related downhole tools and services, as well as coring equipment and services. This segment also provides cloud based digital services and artificial intelligence solutions on an open architecture for subsurface insights, integrated well construction, and reservoir and production management; testing and subsea services, such as acquisition and analysis of reservoir information and optimization solutions; and project management and integrated asset management services. Halliburton Company was founded in 1919 and is based in Houston, Texas."}, "CQP": {"ticker": "CQP", "name": "Cheniere Energy Partners, L.P.", "sector": "energy", "description": "Cheniere Energy Partners, L.P., through its subsidiaries, provides liquefied natural gas (LNG) to integrated energy companies, utilities, and energy trading companies in the United States and internationally. The company owns and operates natural gas liquefaction and export facility at the Sabine Pass LNG Terminal located in Cameron Parish, Louisiana. It also owns Creole Trail Pipeline, a natural gas supply pipeline that interconnects the Sabine Pass LNG terminal with various interstate and intrastate pipelines. Cheniere Energy Partners, L.P. was founded in 2003 and is headquartered in Houston, Texas. Cheniere Energy Partners, L.P. is a subsidiary of Cheniere Energy, Inc."}, "TPL": {"ticker": "TPL", "name": "Texas Pacific Land Corporation", "sector": "energy", "description": "Texas Pacific Land Corporation engages in the land and resource management, and water services and operations businesses. The Land and Resource Management segment manages surface acres of land, and oil and gas royalty interest in Permian Basin. This segment also engages in easements, such as transporting oil, gas and related hydrocarbons, power line and utility, and subsurface wellbore easements. In addition, this segment leases its land for processing, storage, and compression facilities and roads; and is involved in sale of materials, such as caliche, sand, and other material, as well as sells land. The Water Services and Operations segment provides full-service water offerings, including water sourcing, produced-water treatment, infrastructure development, and disposal solutions to operators in the Permian Basin. This segment also holds produced water royalties. The company owns a 1/128th nonparticipating perpetual oil and gas royalty interest (NPRI) under approximately 85,000 acres of land; a 1/16th NPRI under approximately 371,000 acres of land; and approximately 33,000 additional net royalty acres, total of approximately 224,000 NRA located in the Permian Basin. The company was founded in 1888 and is headquartered in Dallas, Texas."}, "FTI": {"ticker": "FTI", "name": "TechnipFMC plc", "sector": "energy", "description": "TechnipFMC plc engages in the oil and natural gas projects, technologies, systems, and services businesses in Europe, Central Asia, North America, Latin America, the Asia Pacific, Africa, the Middle East, and internationally. It operates through two segments, Subsea and Surface Technologies. The Subsea segment engages in design, engineering, procurement, manufacturing, fabrication, installation, and life of field services for subsea systems, subsea field infrastructure, and subsea pipeline systems used in oil and natural gas production and transportation. It provides subsea production systems; subsea processing systems; subsea umbilicals, risers and flowlines; vessels; drilling, installation, and intervention and plug and abandonment; maintenance, asset integrity, and production management; robotics; and subsea studio digital platform. The Surface Technologies segment designs, manufactures, and services products and systems used in land and shallow water exploration and production of oil and natural gas. This segment offers drilling; surface wellheads and production trees systems; iComplete, a pressure control system; fracturing tree systems, fracturing valve greasing systems, hydraulic or electric control units, service-less valves, fracturing manifold systems, and rigid and flexible flowlines; flexible pipes; safety and integrity systems, multiphase meter modules, in-line separation and processing systems, compact ball valves for manifolds, and standard pumps; well control and integrity systems; and skid solutions. It also offers planning, testing and installation, commissioning, operations, replacement and upgrade, maintenance, storage, preservation, intervention, integrity, decommissioning, and abandonment; and supplies flowline products and services. TechnipFMC plc was founded in 1884 and is headquartered in Newcastle upon Tyne, the United Kingdom."}, "DVN": {"ticker": "DVN", "name": "Devon Energy Corporation", "sector": "energy", "description": "Devon Energy Corporation, an independent energy company, engages in the exploration, development, and production of oil, natural gas, and natural gas liquids in the United States. The company operates in Delaware Basin located in southeast New Mexico and west Texas, Eagle Ford located in North America, Anadarko Basin located in western Oklahoma, Williston Basin located in North Dakota, and Powder River Basin located in Wyoming. Devon Energy Corporation was founded in 1971 and is headquartered in Oklahoma City, Oklahoma."}, "CTRA": {"ticker": "CTRA", "name": "Coterra Energy Inc.", "sector": "energy", "description": "Coterra Energy Inc., an independent oil and gas company, engages in the exploration, development, and production of oil, natural gas, and natural gas liquids in the United States. The company's properties include the Permian Basin, which covers approximately 345,000 net acres in the Delaware Basin in west Texas and southeast New Mexico, and an additional approximate of 49,000 net acres in the Delaware Basin in Lea County, New Mexico; Marcellus Shale properties, which covers approximately 186,000 net acres located in Susquehanna County, northeast Pennsylvania; and Anadarko Basin, which covers approximately 208,000 net acres located in the mid-continent region in Oklahoma. It also operates natural gas and saltwater gathering, and disposal systems in Texas. The company sells its natural gas to industrial customers, local distribution companies, oil and gas marketers, energy companies, pipeline companies, and power generation facilities. The company was formerly known as Cabot Oil & Gas Corporation and changed its name to Coterra Energy Inc. in October 2021. Coterra Energy Inc. was incorporated in 1989 and is headquartered in Houston, Texas."}, "PR": {"ticker": "PR", "name": "Permian Resources Corporation", "sector": "energy", "description": "Permian Resources Corporation, an independent oil and natural gas company, focuses on the development of crude oil and associated liquids-rich natural gas reserves in the United States. The company's assets primarily focus on the Delaware Basin, a sub-basin of the Permian Basin. Its properties consist of acreage blocks in Reeves County in West Texas and Lea County in New Mexico. The company was formerly known as Centennial Resource Development, Inc. and changed its name to Permian Resources Corporation in September 2022. The company was incorporated in 2015 and is headquartered in Midland, Texas."}, "VNOM": {"ticker": "VNOM", "name": "Viper Energy, Inc.", "sector": "energy", "description": "Viper Energy, Inc. owns, acquires, and exploits oil and natural gas properties in North America. It focuses on owning and acquiring mineral and royalty interests in the Permian Basin. Viper Energy, Inc. was formerly known as Viper Energy Partners LP and changed its name to Viper Energy, Inc. in November 2023. Viper Energy, Inc. was founded in 2013 and is based in Midland, Texas. Viper Energy, Inc. is a subsidiary of Diamondback Energy, Inc."}, "WES": {"ticker": "WES", "name": "Western Midstream Partners, LP", "sector": "energy", "description": "Western Midstream Partners, LP, together with its subsidiaries, operates as a midstream energy company primarily in the United States. The company is involved in gathering, compressing, treating, processing, and transporting natural gas; gathering, stabilizing, and transporting condensate, natural gas liquids (NGLs), and crude oil; and gathering and disposing of produced water. It also buys and sells residue, NGLs, and condensates. The company operates assets located in Texas, New Mexico, and the Rocky Mountains. It also provides water handling solutions. The company was formerly known as Western Gas Equity Partners, LP and changed its name to Western Midstream Partners, LP in February 2019. Western Midstream Partners, LP was incorporated in 2007 and is based in The Woodlands, Texas."}, "OVV": {"ticker": "OVV", "name": "Ovintiv Inc.", "sector": "energy", "description": "Ovintiv Inc., together with its subsidiaries, operates as an oil and natural gas exploration and production company in North America. The company operates through USA Operations and Canadian Operations segments. It is involved in the exploration, development, production, and marketing of oil, NGLs, natural gas and other related activities in the Permian in West Texas and Anadarko in West-central Oklahoma in the United States, as well as in northwest Alberta and northeast British Columbia. The company was formerly known as Encana Corporation and changed its name to Ovintiv Inc. in January 2020. Ovintiv Inc. was incorporated in 2020 and is based in Denver, Colorado."}, "PAA": {"ticker": "PAA", "name": "Plains All American Pipeline, L.P.", "sector": "energy", "description": "Plains All American Pipeline, L.P., through its subsidiaries, engages in the pipeline transportation, terminalling, storage, and gathering of crude oil and natural gas liquids (NGL) in the United States and Canada. The company operates through two segments, Crude Oil and NGL. The Crude Oil segment offers gathering and transporting crude oil through pipelines, trucks, and on barges or railcars. This segment provides terminalling, storage, and other related services, as well as merchant activities. The NGL segment is involved in natural gas processing and NGL fractionation, storage, transportation, and terminaling. This segment also includes ethane, propane, normal butane, iso-butane, and natural gasoline derived from natural gas production and processing activities, as well as crude oil refining processes. Its NGL components are used for various applications, such as heating, engine, and industrial fuels. The company was founded in 1981 and is headquartered in Houston, Texas. Plains All American Pipeline, L.P. operates as a subsidiary of Plains GP Holdings, L.P."}, "APA": {"ticker": "APA", "name": "APA Corporation", "sector": "energy", "description": "APA Corporation, an independent energy company, explores for, develops, and produces natural gas, crude oil, and natural gas liquids. The company has oil and gas operations in the United States, Egypt, and North Sea. It also has exploration and appraisal activities in Suriname, as well as holds interests in projects located in Uruguay and internationally. APA Corporation was incorporated in 1954 and is headquartered in Houston, Texas."}, "SUN": {"ticker": "SUN", "name": "Sunoco LP", "sector": "energy", "description": "Sunoco LP, together with its subsidiaries, engages in the energy infrastructure and distribution of motor fuels in the United States. It operates in four segments: Fuel Distribution, Pipeline Systems, Refinery, and Terminals. The Fuel Distribution segment distributes motor fuels and other petroleum products, such as propane and lubricating oil to third-party dealers and distributors, independent operators of commission agent locations, other commercial consumers of motor fuel, and retail locations; and leases real estate properties. This segment also offers non-fuel products, including in-store merchandise and company-operated retail stores food services, as well as credit card processing, car washes, lottery, and other services. The Pipeline Systems segment includes an integrated pipeline and terminal network comprising refined product, crude oil, and ammonia pipelines and terminals. The Terminals segment operates transmix processing facilities and refined product terminals; and provides blending, additive injections, handling, and filtering services. The company was formerly known as Susser Petroleum Partners LP and changed its name to Sunoco LP in 2014. Sunoco LP was founded in 1960 and is based in Dallas, Texas."}, "AR": {"ticker": "AR", "name": "Antero Resources Corporation", "sector": "energy", "description": "Antero Resources Corporation, an independent oil and natural gas company, engages in the development, production, exploration, and acquisition of natural gas, natural gas liquids (NGLs), and oil properties in the United States. It operates in three segments: Exploration and Production; Marketing; and Equity Method Investment in Antero Midstream. As of December 31, 2025, the company had approximately 537,000 net acres in the Appalachian Basin; and approximately 168,000 net acres in the Upper Devonian Shale. Its gathering and compression systems also comprise 731 miles of gas gathering pipelines in the Appalachian Basin. The company was formerly known as Antero Resources Appalachian Corporation and changed its name to Antero Resources Corporation in June 2013. Antero Resources Corporation was incorporated in 2002 and is headquartered in Denver, Colorado."}, "DINO": {"ticker": "DINO", "name": "HF Sinclair Corporation", "sector": "energy", "description": "HF Sinclair Corporation operates as an independent energy company in the United States. It operates through five segments: Refining, Renewables, Marketing, Lubricants & Specialties, and Midstream. The company produces and markets gasoline, diesel fuel, jet fuel, renewable diesel, specialty lubricant products, specialty chemicals, commodity and modified asphalt products, and others. It also owns and operates refineries located in Kansas, Oklahoma, New Mexico, Wyoming, Washington, and Utah, as well as markets its refined products principally in the Southwest United States and Rocky Mountains, Pacific Northwest, and in other neighboring Plains states. In addition, the company supplies fuels to 1,700 branded stations and licenses the use of the Sinclair brand at approximately 350 additional locations, as well as provision of other marketing activities. Further, the company produces base oils and other specialized lubricants; and provides petroleum product and crude oil transportation, terminalling, storage, and throughput services to the petroleum sector. Additionally, it offers hydrocarbon chemicals, including white oils, petrolatums, and waxes. The company also exports its products. HF Sinclair Corporation was incorporated in 1947 and is headquartered in Dallas, Texas."}, "AM": {"ticker": "AM", "name": "Antero Midstream Corporation", "sector": "energy", "description": "Antero Midstream Corporation owns, operates, and develops midstream energy assets in the Appalachian Basin. It operates in two segments, Gathering and Processing, and Water Handling. The gathering and processing segment includes a network of gathering pipelines and compressor stations that collect and process natural gas and NGLs from Antero Resources' wells in West Virginia and Ohio. The Water Handling segment delivers water from sources, including the Ohio River, local reservoirs, and various regional waterways; other fluid handling services, which include transfer and disposal; uses water handling systems to transport flowback and produced water; and buried pipelines, surface pipelines, and water storage facilities, as well as pumping stations and blending facilities. Antero Midstream Corporation was founded in 2002 and is headquartered in Denver, Colorado."}, "RRC": {"ticker": "RRC", "name": "Range Resources Corporation", "sector": "energy", "description": "Range Resources Corporation operates as an independent natural gas, natural gas liquids (NGLs), and oil company in the United States. The company engages in the exploration, development, and acquisition of natural gas, NGLs, and oil properties located in the Appalachian region. It sells natural gas to utilities, marketing and midstream companies, and industrial users; NGLs to petrochemical end users, refiners, marketers/traders, and natural gas processors; and oil to crude oil processors, transporters, and refining and marketing companies. The company was formerly known as Lomak Petroleum Inc. and changed its name to Range Resources Corporation in July 1992. Range Resources Corporation was founded in 1976 and is headquartered in Fort Worth, Texas."}, "NFG": {"ticker": "NFG", "name": "National Fuel Gas Company", "sector": "energy", "description": "National Fuel Gas Company operates as a diversified energy company. It operates through Integrated Upstream and Gathering, Pipeline and Storage, and Utility segments. The Integrated Upstream and Gathering segment explores for, develops, and produces natural gas and oil. It also builds, owns, and operates gathering facilities in the Appalachian region, as well as provides gathering services to Seneca. The Pipeline and Storage segment provides interstate natural gas transportation services through an integrated gas pipeline system in Pennsylvania and New York; and storage services through its underground natural gas storage fields. This segment also transports and stores natural gas for National Fuel Gas Distribution Corporation, as well as for utilities, industrial companies, and power producers in New York State. The Utility segment sells natural gas to retail customers; and provides natural gas utility services to various customers in Buffalo, Niagara Falls, and Jamestown, New York, as well as in Erie and Sharon, Pennsylvania. National Fuel Gas Company was incorporated in 1902 and is headquartered in Williamsville, New York."}, "FRO": {"ticker": "FRO", "name": "Frontline plc", "sector": "energy", "description": "Frontline plc, a shipping company, engages in the ownership and operation of oil and product tankers worldwide. The company owns and operates oil and product tankers, such as very large crude carriers (VLCCs), Suezmax tankers, and LR2/Aframax tankers. As of December 31, 2025, it operated a fleet of 80 vessels, including 41 VLCCs, 21 Suezmax tankers, and 18 LR2/Aframax tankers. The company is also involved in the charter, purchase, and sale of vessels. Frontline plc was founded in 1985 and is based in Limassol, Cyprus."}, "HESM": {"ticker": "HESM", "name": "Hess Midstream LP", "sector": "energy", "description": "Hess Midstream LP acquires, owns, operates, and develops midstream assets and provide fee-based services to sponsor, its subsidiaries, and third-party customers in the United States. It operates through three segments: Gathering; Processing and Storage; and Terminaling and Export. The Gathering segment owns natural gas gathering and compression systems; crude oil gathering systems; and produced water gathering and disposal facilities. Its gathering system consists of approximately 1,430 miles of high- and low-pressure natural gas and natural gas liquids gathering pipelines with capacity of approximately 685 million cubic feet per day; crude oil gathering system comprises approximately 615 miles of crude oil gathering pipelines; and produces water gathering system that includes approximately 360 miles of pipelines in gathering systems. The Processing and Storage segment comprises Tioga Gas Plant, a natural gas processing and fractionation plant located in Tioga, North Dakota; Mentor Storage Terminal, a propane storage cavern and rail, and truck loading and unloading facility located in Mentor, Minnesota; and Terminaling and Export segment that owns Ramberg terminal facility, the Tioga rail terminal, crude oil rail cars, and other Dakota access pipeline connections, as well as Johnson's Corner Header System, a crude oil pipeline header system; and other DAPL connections. Hess Midstream LP was formerly known as Hess Midstream Partners LP and changed its name to Hess Midstream LP in December 2019. Hess Midstream LP was founded in 2014 and is based in Houston, Texas."}, "UEC": {"ticker": "UEC", "name": "Uranium Energy Corp.", "sector": "energy", "description": "Uranium Energy Corp., together with its subsidiaries, engages in exploration, pre-extraction, extraction, and processing of uranium and titanium concentrates properties in the United States, Canada, and the Republic of Paraguay. The company was formerly known as Carlin Gold Inc. and changed its name to Uranium Energy Corp. in January 2005. The company was incorporated in 2003 and is headquartered in Corpus Christi, Texas."}, "MTDR": {"ticker": "MTDR", "name": "Matador Resources Company", "sector": "energy", "description": "Matador Resources Company, an independent energy company, engages in the acquisition, exploration, development, and production of oil and natural gas resources in the United States. It operates through two segments, Exploration and Production; and Midstream. The company primarily holds interests in the Wolfcamp and Bone Spring plays in the Delaware Basin in Southeast New Mexico and West Texas. It also operates the Haynesville shale and Cotton Valley plays in Northwest Louisiana. In addition, the company conducts midstream operations in support of its exploration, development, and production operations. Further, it provides natural gas processing and oil transportation services; and oil, natural gas, and produced water gathering services, as well as produced water disposal services to third parties, as well as sells natural gas to unaffiliated independent marketing companies and unaffiliated midstream companies. The company was formerly known as Matador Holdco, Inc. and changed its name to Matador Resources Company in August 2011. Matador Resources Company was incorporated in 2003 and is headquartered in Dallas, Texas."}, "NOV": {"ticker": "NOV", "name": "NOV Inc.", "sector": "energy", "description": "NOV Inc. designs, constructs, manufactures, and sells systems, components, and products for oil and gas drilling and production, and industrial and renewable energy sectors in the United States and internationally. It operates in two segments, Energy Equipment, and Energy Products and Services. The Energy Products and Services segment offers drill bits and borehole enlargement products; independent drilling and intervention downhole tools equipment; frac plugs, frac sleeves, toe initiation burst port systems, and recyclable setting tools; electric submersible pumps, high viscosity pumps, and surface pumps; tubular coating and inspection services for drill-pipe and other oil country tubular goods; solids control and waste management equipment and services; data and digital solutions; precision-engineered drill pipe and drill-stem equipment; connectors and integral thread solutions, including conductor strings, surface casing, and liners; and composite pipe, tanks, and structures. Its Energy Equipment segment provides drilling equipment, such as land rigs, complete offshore drilling packages, and rig components; capital equipment, related consumables, and digital products for hydraulic stimulation, coiled tubing, and wireline services; marine and construction solutions; processing solutions for the separation and treatment of oil, gas, solids, seawater, and produced water production; flexible subsea pipe systems; cavity pumps, specialized mixers and heat exchangers; and reciprocating, multistage, and progressive cavity pumps, midstream products, including closures, transfer pumps, chokes and valves, as well as artificial lift support systems that include production BOPs and stuffing boxes. The company was formerly known as National Oilwell Varco, Inc. and changed its name to NOV Inc. in January 2021. NOV Inc. was founded in 1862 and is based in Houston, Texas."}, "RIG": {"ticker": "RIG", "name": "Transocean Ltd.", "sector": "energy", "description": "Transocean Ltd., together with its subsidiaries, provides offshore contract drilling services for oil and gas wells in Switzerland and internationally. The company contracts mobile offshore drilling rigs, related equipment, and work crews to drill oil and gas wells. It also operates a fleet of mobile offshore drilling units, consisting of ultra-deepwater floaters and harsh environment semisubmersibles. It serves integrated energy companies and their affiliates, government-owned or government-controlled energy companies, and other independent energy companies. Transocean Ltd. was founded in 1926 and is based in Zug, Switzerland."}, "JPM": {"ticker": "JPM", "name": "JPMorgan Chase & Co.", "sector": "financial-services", "description": "JPMorgan Chase & Co. operates as a bank and financial holding company in the United States, rest of North America, Europe, the Middle East, Africa, the Asia Pacific, Latin America, and the Caribbean. It operates in three segments: Consumer & Community Banking, Commercial & Investment Bank, and Asset & Wealth Management. The company offers deposit, investment and lending products, and cash management; mortgage origination and servicing activities; residential mortgages and home equity loans; and credit cards, payment solutions, travel services, merchant offers, lifestyle benefits, auto loans, and leases to consumers and small businesses through bank branches, ATMs, and digital and telephone banking. It also provides investment banking, market-making, financing, custody, and securities products and services; corporate strategy and structure advisory, equity and debt market capital-raising, and loan origination and syndication services; cash and derivative instruments, risk management solutions, prime brokerage, clearing, and research; and fund services, liquidity and trading services, and data solutions products for large corporations, financial institutions, merchants, start-ups, small and midsized companies, local governments, municipalities, nonprofits, and commercial real estate clients. In addition, the company offers multi-asset investment management solutions in equities, fixed income, alternatives, and money market funds to institutional clients and retail investors; retirement products and services, estate planning, lending, deposits, and investment management products to high-net-worth clients; and financial transaction processing. JPMorgan Chase & Co. was founded in 1799 and is headquartered in New York, New York."}, "V": {"ticker": "V", "name": "Visa Inc.", "sector": "financial-services", "description": "Visa Inc. operates as a payment technology company in the United States and internationally. The company operates VisaNet, a transaction processing network that enables authorization, clearing, and settlement of payment transactions. It also offers credit, debit, and prepaid card products; tap to pay, tokenization, and click to pay services; Visa Direct, a platform which facilitates money movement, enabling clients to collect, hold, convert, and send funds across its network; and issuing solutions, such as airport lounge access, dining reservations, shopping experiences, event tickets, and seller offers. In addition, the company provides acceptance solutions, an omnichannel payment integration with e-commerce platforms; risk detection and prevention solutions; and advisory and other services comprising consulting practice, proprietary analytics models, data scientists and economists, marketing services, and managed services. It provides its services under the Visa, Visa Electron, V PAY, Interlink, and PLUS brands. The company serves consumers, sellers, financial institutions, and government entities. Visa Inc. was founded in 1958 and is headquartered in San Francisco, California."}, "BAC": {"ticker": "BAC", "name": "Bank of America Corporation", "sector": "financial-services", "description": "Bank of America Corporation, through its subsidiaries, provides various financial products and services for individual consumers, small and middle-market businesses, institutional investors, large corporations, and governments worldwide. It operates through four segments: Consumer Banking, Global Wealth & Investment Management (GWIM), Global Banking, and Global Markets. The Consumer Banking segment offers traditional and money market savings accounts, certificates of deposit and IRAs, checking accounts, and investment accounts and products; credit and debit cards; residential mortgages and home equity loans; and direct and indirect loans. The GWIM segment provides investment management, brokerage, banking, and trust and retirement products and services; wealth management solutions; and customized solutions, including specialty asset management services. The Global Banking segment offers lending products and services, including commercial loans, leases, commitment facilities, trade finance, and commercial real estate and asset-based lending; treasury solutions, and underwriting and advisory services. The Global Markets segment provides market-making, financing, securities clearing, settlement, and custody services; securities and derivative products; and risk management products using interest rate, equity, credit, currency and commodity derivatives, foreign exchange, fixed-income, and mortgage-related products. Bank of America Corporation was founded in 1784 and is based in Charlotte, North Carolina."}, "MA": {"ticker": "MA", "name": "Mastercard Incorporated", "sector": "financial-services", "description": "Mastercard Incorporated, a technology company, provides transaction processing and other payment-related products and services in the United States and internationally. The company offers products and services for account holders, merchants, financial institutions, digital partners, businesses, governments, and other organizations, such as programs that enable issuers to provide consumers with credits to defer payments; payment products and solutions that allow its customers to access funds in deposit and other accounts; prepaid programs services; consumer bill payment services; and commercial credit, debit, and prepaid payment products and solutions. It also provides solutions that enable businesses or governments to make payments to businesses, including Virtual Card Number, which is generated dynamically from an existing account and leverages the credit limit of the funding account; and a platform to optimize supplier payment enablement campaigns for financial institutions. In addition, the company offers Mastercard Move, which partners with digital messaging and payment platforms to enable consumers to send money directly within applications to other consumers; and partners with central banks, fintechs, and financial institutions, as well as enables various cross-border payment flows. Further, it provides security solutions; marketing, personalization, and issuer and merchant loyalty services; business and operational intelligence, advanced analytics and AI, consulting and agentic solutions, and payments and portfolio optimization; digital and authentication; processing and gateway solutions; and other solutions. The company offers payment solutions and services under the MasterCard, Maestro, and Cirrus names. Mastercard Incorporated was founded in 1966 and is headquartered in Purchase, New York."}, "GS": {"ticker": "GS", "name": "The Goldman Sachs Group, Inc.", "sector": "financial-services", "description": "The Goldman Sachs Group, Inc., a financial institution, provides a range of financial services for corporations, financial institutions, governments, and individuals in the Americas, Europe, the Middle East, Africa, and Asia. It operates through three segments: Global Banking & Markets, Asset & Wealth Management, and Platform Solutions. The Global Banking & Markets segment provides financial advisory services, including strategic advisory assignments related to mergers and acquisitions, divestitures, corporate defense activities, restructurings, and spin-offs; equity and debt underwriting of public offerings and private placements; relationship lending and acquisition financing; secured lending through structured credit and asset-backed lending, such as warehouse, residential and commercial mortgage, corporate, consumer, auto, and student loans; financing through securities purchased under agreements to resell; and commodity financing through structured transactions. This segment also offers client execution activities for cash and derivative instruments; credit and interest rate products; and provision of mortgages, currencies, commodities, and equities related products. Its Asset & Wealth Management segment manages assets across various classes, including equity, fixed income, hedge funds, credit funds, private equity, real estate, currencies, commodities, and asset allocation strategies; and provides customized investment advisory solutions, wealth advisory services, personalized financial planning, and private banking services, as well as invests in corporate equity, credit, real estate, and infrastructure assets. The Platform Solutions segment offers credit cards; and transaction banking and other services, such as deposit-taking, payment solutions, and other cash management services for corporate and institutional clients. The Goldman Sachs Group, Inc. was founded in 1869 and is headquartered in New York, New York."}, "C": {"ticker": "C", "name": "Citigroup Inc.", "sector": "financial-services", "description": "Citigroup Inc., a diversified financial service holding company, provides various financial products and services to consumers, corporations, governments, and institutions. It operates through five segments: Services, Markets, Banking, U.S. Personal Banking, and Wealth. The Services segment includes treasury and trade solutions, which provides cash management, trade, and working capital solutions to multinational corporations, financial institutions, and public sector organizations; and securities services, such as cross-border support for clients, local market expertise, post-trade technologies, data solutions, and various securities services solutions. The Markets segment offers sales and trading services for equities, foreign exchange, rates, spread products, and commodities to corporate, institutional, and public sector clients; and market-making services, including asset classes, risk management solutions, financing, and prime brokerage. The Banking segment includes investment banking services comprising equity and debt capital markets-related strategic financing solutions; advisory services related to mergers and acquisitions, divestitures, restructurings, and corporate defense activities; and corporate lending consists of corporate and commercial banking. The U.S. Personal Banking segment provides proprietary and co-branded card portfolios; and traditional banking services to retail and small business customers. The Wealth segment offers financial services to high-net-worth clients through banking, lending, mortgages, investment, custody, and trust product offerings; professional industries, including law firms, consulting groups, accounting, and asset management; and affluent and high net worth clients. The company operates in North America, the United Kingdom, Japan, North and South Asia, Australia, Europe, the Middle East, and Africa. Citigroup Inc. was founded in 1812 and is headquartered in New York, New York."}, "MS": {"ticker": "MS", "name": "Morgan Stanley", "sector": "financial-services", "description": "Morgan Stanley, a financial holding company, provides various financial products and services to corporations, governments, financial institutions, and individuals in the Americas, Asia, Europe, the Middle East, and Africa. It operates through Institutional Securities, Wealth Management, and Investment Management segments. The company offers capital raising and financial advisory services, including services related to the underwriting of debt, equity securities, and other products, as well as advice on mergers and acquisitions, restructurings, and project finance. It also provides equity and fixed income products comprising sales, financing, prime brokerage, and market-making services; Asia wealth management; business-related investments services; originating corporate and commercial real estate loans, secured lending facilities, and extending securities-based and other financing; and research activities. In addition, the company offers financial advisor-led brokerage, investment advisory, custody, cash management, and administrative services; self-directed brokerage services; financial and wealth planning services; stock plan administration; securities-based lending, residential real estate loans, and other lending products; banking; and retirement plan services. Further, it provides equity, fixed income, alternatives and solutions, and liquidity and overlay services to benefit/defined contribution plans, foundations, endowments, government entities, sovereign wealth funds, insurance companies, third-party fund sponsors, corporations, and individuals. Morgan Stanley was founded in 1924 and is headquartered in New York, New York."}, "RY": {"ticker": "RY", "name": "Royal Bank of Canada", "sector": "financial-services", "description": "Royal Bank of Canada operates as a diversified financial service company worldwide. Its Personal Banking segment offers home equity financing, personal lending, chequing and savings accounts, private banking, auto financing, mutual funds, GICs, credit cards, and payment products and solutions. The company's Commercial Banking segments provides lending, deposit and transaction banking products and services. Its Wealth Management segment provides a suite of wealth, investment, trust, banking, credit, and other solutions to clients; asset management products to institutional and individual clients; and asset and investor services to financial institutions, asset managers, and asset owners. The company's Insurance segment offers life, health, travel, wealth, annuities, property and casualty, and reinsurance advice and solutions; digital platforms; and independent brokers and partners, as well as client-led advice and solutions. The company's Capital Markets segment offers advisory and origination, sales and trading, lending and financing, and transaction banking services to corporations, institutional clients, asset managers, private equity firms, and governments. The company was founded in 1864 and is based in Toronto, Canada."}, "WFC": {"ticker": "WFC", "name": "Wells Fargo & Company", "sector": "financial-services", "description": "Wells Fargo & Company, a financial services company, provides diversified banking, investment, mortgage, and consumer and commercial finance products and services in the United States and internationally. It operates through four segments: Consumer Banking and Lending; Commercial Banking; Corporate and Investment Banking; and Wealth and Investment Management. The company's financial products and services includes checking and savings accounts, and credit and debit cards, as well as home, auto, personal, and small business lending services. It also provides personalized wealth management, brokerage, financial planning, lending, private banking, trust and fiduciary products and services; and financial solutions to private, family owned and public companies through products and services including banking and credit products across multiple industry sectors and municipalities, secured lending and lease products, and treasury management. In addition, it offers a suite of capital markets, banking, and financial products and services, such as corporate banking, investment banking, treasury management, commercial real estate lending and servicing, equity, and fixed income solutions, as well as sales, trading, and research capabilities services to corporate, commercial real estate, government, and institutional clients. Wells Fargo & Company was founded in 1852 and is headquartered in San Francisco, California."}, "AXP": {"ticker": "AXP", "name": "American Express Company", "sector": "financial-services", "description": "American Express Company, together with its subsidiaries, operates as an integrated payments company in the United States, Europe, the Middle East and Africa, the Asia Pacific, Australia, New Zealand, Latin America, Canada, the Caribbean, and internationally. It operates through four segments: U.S. Consumer Services, Commercial Services, International Card Services, and Global Merchant and Network Services. The company offers credit and charge cards and complementary products and services, including travel, dining, and lifestyle and expense management products and services; and banking and other payment and financing products and services, including deposits and non-card lending. It also provides merchant acquisition and processing, servicing and settlement, fraud prevention, and point-of-sale marketing and information products and services, as well as network services. The company offers its products and services to consumers, small businesses, mid-sized companies, and large corporations through mobile and online applications, affiliate marketing, customer referral programs, third-party service providers and business partners, in-house sales teams, direct mail, telephone, and direct response advertising. American Express Company was founded in 1850 and is headquartered in New York, New York."}, "TD": {"ticker": "TD", "name": "The Toronto-Dominion Bank", "sector": "financial-services", "description": "The Toronto-Dominion Bank, together with its subsidiaries, provides various financial products and services in Canada, the United States, and internationally. It operates through four segments: Canadian Personal and Commercial Banking; U.S. Retail; Wealth Management and Insurance; and Wholesale Banking. The company offers personal deposits, such as chequing, savings, and investment products; financing, investment, cash management, international trade, and banking services to businesses; and financing options to customers at point of sale for automotive and recreational vehicle purchases. It also provides credit cards and payments; real estate secured lending, auto finance, and consumer lending services; point-of-sale payment solutions for large and small businesses; wealth and asset management products, and advice to retail and institutional clients through direct investing, advice-based, and asset management businesses; and property and casualty insurance, as well as life and health insurance products. The company also provides capital markets, and corporate and investment banking products and services, including underwriting and distribution of new debt and equity issues; advice on strategic acquisitions and divestitures; and trading, funding, and investment services to corporations, governments, and institutions. The Toronto-Dominion Bank was founded in 1855 and is headquartered in Toronto, Canada."}, "BLK": {"ticker": "BLK", "name": "BlackRock, Inc.", "sector": "financial-services", "description": "BlackRock, Inc. is a publicly owned investment manager. The firm primarily provides its services to institutional, intermediary, and individual investors including corporate, public, union, and industry pension plans, insurance companies, third-party mutual funds, endowments, public institutions, governments, foundations, charities, sovereign wealth funds, corporations, official institutions, and banks. It also provides global risk management and advisory services. The firm manages separate client-focused equity, fixed income, and balanced portfolios. It also launches and manages open-end and closed-end mutual funds, offshore funds, unit trusts, and alternative investment vehicles including structured funds. The firm launches equity, fixed income, balanced, and real estate mutual funds. It also launches equity, fixed income, balanced, currency, commodity, and multi-asset exchange traded funds. The firm also launches and manages hedge funds. It invests in the public equity, fixed income, real estate, currency, commodity, and alternative markets across the globe. The firm primarily invests in growth and value stocks of small-cap, mid-cap, SMID-cap, large-cap, and multi-cap companies. It also invests in dividend-paying equity securities. The firm invests in investment grade municipal securities, government securities including securities issued or guaranteed by a government or a government agency or instrumentality, corporate bonds, and asset-backed and mortgage-backed securities. It employs fundamental and quantitative analysis with a focus on bottom-up and top-down approach to make its investments. The firm employs liquidity, asset allocation, balanced, real estate, and alternative strategies to make its investments. In real estate sector, it seeks to invest in Poland and Germany. The firm benchmarks the performance of its portfolios against various S&P, Russell, Barclays, MSCI, Citigroup, and Merrill Lynch indices. BlackRock, Inc. was founded in 1988 and is based in New York, New York with additional offices in Atlanta, Georgia; Boston, Massachusetts; Chicago, Illinois; Dallas, Texas; Denver, Colorado; Greenwich, Connecticut; Houston, Texas; Miami, Florida; Newport Beach, California; Palo Alto, California; Philadelphia, Pennsylvania; Princeton, New Jersey; San Francisco, California; Santa Monica, California; Seattle, Washington; Washington, DC; West Palm Beach, Florida; Wilmington, Delaware; Mexico; Canada; South Africa; Netherlands; Greece; Serbia; Belgium; Hungary; Denmark; Ireland; Scotland; Germany; Switzerland; England; Luxembourg; Spain; Italy; France; Sweden; Austria; India; China; Australia; Hong Kong; South Korea; Singapore; Taiwan; Japan; Colombia; Argentina; Peru; Chile; Brazil; UAE; Saudi Arabia; Israel."}, "SCHW": {"ticker": "SCHW", "name": "The Charles Schwab Corporation", "sector": "financial-services", "description": "The Charles Schwab Corporation, together with its subsidiaries, operates as a savings and loan holding company that provides wealth management, securities brokerage, banking, asset management, custody, and financial advisory services in the United States and internationally. The company operates in two segments, Investor Services and Advisor Services. It offers brokerage accounts with equity and fixed income trading, margin lending, options trading, futures and forex trading, and cash management capabilities, including money market funds, and certificates of deposit; third-party mutual funds through the Mutual Fund Marketplace and Mutual Fund OneSource service, as well as mutual fund trading and clearing services to broker-dealers; exchange-traded funds; advisory solutions for managed portfolios, separately managed accounts, customized personal advice for tailored portfolios, specialized planning, and full-time portfolio management; banking products comprising checking and savings accounts, first lien residential real estate mortgage loans, home equity lines of credit, and pledged asset lines; and trust custody services, personal trust reporting services, and administrative trustee services. It provides digital and software based trading platforms; research tools, and multichannel support, real-time market data, options trading; equity compensation plan sponsors full-service recordkeeping for stock plans, stock options, restricted stock, performance shares, and stock appreciation rights; retirement plan services; mutual fund clearing services; and advisor services, including interactive tools and educational content. The Company operates through branch offices. The Charles Schwab Corporation was founded in 1971 and is headquartered in Westlake, Texas."}, "BX": {"ticker": "BX", "name": "Blackstone Inc.", "sector": "financial-services", "description": "Blackstone Inc. is an alternative asset management firm specializing in private equity, venture capital, real estate, hedge fund solutions, credit, secondary funds of funds, public debt and equity and multi-asset class strategies. The firm typically invests in early-stage, seed, middle market, mature, late venture, growth capital, emerging growth, turnaround, and later stage companies. It also provide capital markets services. The real estate segment specializes in opportunistic, core+ investments as well as debt investment opportunities collateralized by commercial real estate, and stabilized income-oriented commercial real estate across North America, Europe and Asia. Within fund of fund investments, it seeks to invest in private equity funds, venture capital funds, mezzanine funds, distressed debt/turnaround funds, secondary investment funds & real estate funds. The firm's corporate private equity business pursues transactions throughout the world across a variety of transaction types, including large buyouts, recapitalization, special situations, distressed mortgage loans, mid-cap buyouts, buy and build platforms, which involves multiple acquisitions behind a single management team and platform, and growth equity/development projects involving significant majority stakes in portfolio companies and minority investments in operating companies, shipping, real estate, corporate or consumer loans, and alternative energy greenfield development projects in energy and power, property, dislocated markets, shipping opportunities, financial institution breakups, re-insurance, and improving freight mobility, financial services, cargo, data processing, oil & gas production, oil & gas refining, oil & gas storage, building products, home entertainment, B2B, consumer electronics, home supply store, lodging, commercial services & supplies, metal & mineral mining machinery, coal, hazardous waste collection, solid waste collection, waste water treatment, renewable electricity, equity REITs, power generation by nuclear & fossil fuels, personal loan services, chemicals, other specialty retail, biotech, pharmaceuticals, metal, aerospace, healthcare, cable, entertainment services, infrastructure services, transportation infrastructure, exhaust, life sciences, alternative carriers, infrastructure, system software, manufacturing services, enterprise tech and consumer, enterprise software & application, as well as consumer technologies. The firm considers investment in Asia, Latin America, Japan, Australia, South Korea, Singapore, Hong Kong, Africa, Middle East, Beijing, Shanghai, India, Belgium, France, Ireland, Luxembourg, Monaco, Netherlands, United Kingdom, North America and South America. It seeks to invest between $0.25 million and $900 million per transaction. It invests in companies with enterprise value between $500 million and $5000 million. It makes equity investments up to $300 million through fund of fund investments. It has a three year investment period. The firm prefers to take majority and minority stakes. Its hedge fund business manages a broad range of commingled and customized fund solutions and its credit business focuses on loans, and securities of non-investment grade companies spread across the capital structure including senior debt, subordinated debt, preferred stock and common equity. Blackstone Inc. through its subsidiary South City Projects (Kolkata) Limited offers residential and commercial real estate development services that include development of township, residential towers, malls, IT parks, stadiums, resorts, hospitals, and schools. Blackstone Inc. was founded in 1985 and is based in New York, New York with additional offices across Asia, Europe, North America and Central America."}, "IBKR": {"ticker": "IBKR", "name": "Interactive Brokers Group, Inc.", "sector": "financial-services", "description": "Interactive Brokers Group, Inc. operates as an automated electronic broker in the United States and internationally. The company engages in the execution, clearance, and settlement of trades in stocks, options, futures, foreign exchange instruments, bonds, precious metals, and cryptocurrencies; and the company provides custody, prime brokerage, securities, and margin lending services. It also offers custody and service accounts for hedge and mutual funds, ETFs, registered investment advisors, proprietary trading groups, introducing brokers, and individual investors. In addition, the company provides trading platforms, including IBKR Trader Workstation, IBKR Desktop, IBKR Mobile, and IBKR Client Portal platform, as well as IBKR GlobalTrader mobile application, and IBKR APIs, builds custom trading applications and automates any part of the trading process. Further, it offers IBKR Pro, IBKR Lite, IBKR Universal Account, insured bank deposit sweep program, investors' marketplace, mutual fund marketplace, bond marketplace, forecast and event contracts, fractional trading, no transaction fee program for exchange-traded funds, overnight trading hours, and karta visa infinite charge card. It serves institutional and individual customers through electronic exchanges and market centers. Interactive Brokers Group, Inc. was founded in 1977 and is headquartered in Greenwich, Connecticut."}, "SPGI": {"ticker": "SPGI", "name": "S&P Global Inc.", "sector": "financial-services", "description": "S&P Global Inc., together with its subsidiaries, provides benchmarks, data, analytics, and workflow solutions in the global capital, energy and commodity, and automotive markets. It operates through five segments: S&P Global Market Intelligence, S&P Global Ratings, S&P Global Energy, S&P Global Mobility, and S&P Dow Jones Indices. The S&P Global Market Intelligence segment provides multi-asset-class data and analytics integrated with purpose-built workflow solutions. This segment offers Data, Analytics & Insights, a desktop product suite that provides data, analytics, and third-party research for global finance and corporate professionals; research, reference data, market data, derived analytics, and valuation services; enterprise solutions, such as software and workflow solutions; and credit and risk solutions for selling Ratings' credit ratings and related data and research, analytics, and financial risk solutions. The S&P Global Ratings segment operates as an independent provider of credit ratings, research, and analytics offering investors information and independent benchmarks for their investment and financial decisions as well as access to the capital markets. The S&P Global Energy segment provides information and benchmark prices for the energy and commodity markets. The S&P Global Mobility segment offers solutions for the full automotive value chain, including vehicle manufacturers, automotive suppliers, mobility service providers, retailers, consumers, and finance and insurance companies. The S&P Dow Jones Indices segment operates as an index provider that maintains various valuation and index benchmarks for investment advisors, wealth managers, and institutional investors. It has operations in the United States, European region, Asia, and internationally. S&P Global Inc. was founded in 1860 and is headquartered in New York, New York."}, "CB": {"ticker": "CB", "name": "Chubb Limited", "sector": "financial-services", "description": "Chubb Limited provides insurance and reinsurance products worldwide. It operates in six segments: North America Commercial Property and Casualty (P&C) Insurance, North America Personal P&C Insurance, North America Agricultural Insurance, Overseas General Insurance, Global Reinsurance, and Life Insurance. The company offers property and general liability, workers' compensation, and umbrella; professional and management liability; environmental, health, and international coverages; and claims and risk management products and services, loss control, and engineering and complex claims management. It also provides homeowners, automobile and collector cars, valuable articles, and personal and excess liability insurance. In addition, the company offers multiple peril crop insurance and crop-hail insurance for farm, ranch, specialty (P&C), and commercial agriculture products; product and employer liability, business interruption, and specialty risk; property insurance products, including traditional commercial fire coverage, energy industry-related, marine, construction, and other technical coverages; personal accident and supplemental medical coverages, such as accidental death, business/holiday travel, specified disease, disability, medical and hospital indemnity, and income protection; and directors and officers, professional indemnity, cyber, surety, aviation, political risk, and specialty personal lines products. Further, it provides property catastrophe reinsurance; traditional and specialty P&C reinsurance; and protection and savings products, which includes individual and group term life, dental, critical illness, dementia, hospital cash, credit life, group employee benefits, whole life, universal life, unit linked contracts, endowment plans, and annuities. The company was formerly known as ACE Limited and changed its name to Chubb Limited in January 2016. Chubb Limited was incorporated in 1985 and is headquartered in Zurich, Switzerland."}, "COF": {"ticker": "COF", "name": "Capital One Financial Corporation", "sector": "financial-services", "description": "Capital One Financial Corporation operates as the financial services holding company for the Capital One, National Association, which engages in the provision of various financial products and services in the United States, Canada, and the United Kingdom. It operates through three segments: Credit Card, Consumer Banking, and Commercial Banking. The company accepts checking accounts, money market deposits, negotiable order of withdrawals, savings deposits, time deposits, and sweep accounts. Its loan products include credit card and personal loans; auto and retail banking loans; and commercial and multifamily real estate, and commercial and industrial loans. The company offers credit and debit card products; bank lending; and provides advisory, capital markets, net interchange, treasury management, and depository services. It serves consumers, small businesses, and commercial clients through digital channels, branches, caf\u00e9s, and other distribution channels located in New York, Louisiana, Texas, Maryland, Virginia, New Jersey, and the District of Columbia. Capital One Financial Corporation was founded in 1988 and is headquartered in McLean, Virginia."}, "PGR": {"ticker": "PGR", "name": "The Progressive Corporation", "sector": "financial-services", "description": "The Progressive Corporation operates as an insurance company in the United States. It writes insurance for personal autos and special lines products, including motorcycles, RVs, and watercraft; and personal residential property insurance for homeowners and renters. The company also writes auto-related liability and physical damage insurance for comprising dump trucks, log trucks, garbage trucks, tractors, trailers, straight trucks, tow trucks and wreckers, vans, pick-up trucks, and autos; business-related general liability and commercial property insurance for small businesses; and workers' compensation insurance for the transportation industry. In addition, it offers other specialty property-casualty insurance and provides related services; personal property reinsurance products; and involved in investment activities. It sells its products through independent insurance agencies, as well as online and over the phone. The Progressive Corporation was founded in 1937 and is headquartered in Mayfield, Ohio."}, "CME": {"ticker": "CME", "name": "CME Group Inc.", "sector": "financial-services", "description": "CME Group Inc., together with its subsidiaries, operates contract markets for the trading of futures and options on futures contracts worldwide. It offers futures and options products based on interest rates, equity indexes, and foreign exchange; and agricultural, energy, and metals commodities, as well as fixed income and foreign currency trading services. The company provides clearing house services, including clearing, settling, and guaranteeing futures and options contracts, and cleared swaps products traded through its exchanges. In addition, the company offers a range of market data services, including real-time and historical data services. It serves professional traders, financial institutions, institutional and individual investors, corporations, manufacturers, producers, governments, and central banks. The company was formerly known as Chicago Mercantile Exchange Holdings Inc. and changed its name to CME Group Inc. in July 2007. The company was founded in 1898 and is headquartered in Chicago, Illinois."}, "KKR": {"ticker": "KKR", "name": "KKR & Co. Inc.", "sector": "financial-services", "description": "KKR & Co. Inc. is a private equity and real estate investment firm specializing in direct and fund of fund investments. It specializes in acquisitions, leveraged buyouts, management buyouts, credit special situations, growth equity, mature, mezzanine, distressed, turnaround, lower middle market, and middle market investments. The firm considers investments in all industries with a focus on software, cybersecurity, fintech, data and information, security, semiconductors, consumer electronics, internet of things (iot), internet, information services, information technology infrastructure, financial technology, network and cyber security architecture, engineering and operations, content, technology and hardware, energy and infrastructure, real estate, services industry with a focus on business services, intelligence, industry-leading franchises and companies in natural resource, containers and packaging, agriculture, airports, ports, forestry, electric utilities, textiles, apparel and luxury goods, household durables, digital media, insurance, brokerage houses, non-durable goods distribution, supermarket retailing, grocery stores, food, beverage, and tobacco, hospitals, entertainment venues and production companies, publishing, printing services, capital goods, financial services, specialized finance, pipelines, and renewable energy. In energy and infrastructure, it focuses on the upstream oil and gas and equipment, minerals and royalties and services verticals. In real estate, the firm seeks to invest in private and public real estate securities including property-level equity, debt and special situations transactions and businesses with significant real estate holdings, and oil and natural gas properties. The firm also invests in asset services sector that encompasses a broad array of B2B, B2C and B2G services verticals including asset-based, transport, logistics, leisure/hospitality, resource and utility support, infra-like, mission-critical, and environmental services. Within Americas, the firm prefers to invest in consumer products; chemicals, metals and mining; energy and natural resources; financial services; healthcare; biopharmaceutical; medical device; health care services; life science tools/diagnostics; health care information technology sub-sectors; industrials; media and communications; retail; and technology. Within Europe, the firm invests in consumer and retail; energy; financial services; health care; industrials and chemicals; media and digital; and telecom and technologies. Within Asia, it invests in consumer products; energy and resources; financial services; healthcare; industrials; logistics; media and telecom; retail; real estate; and technology. It also seeks to make impact investments focused on identifying and investing behind businesses with positive social or environmental impact. The firm seeks to invest in mid to high-end residential developments but can invest in other projects throughout Mainland China through outright ownership, joint ventures, and merger. It invests globally with a focus on Australia, emerging and developed Asia, Middle East and Africa, Nordic, Southeast Asia, Asia Pacific, Ireland, Hong Kong, Japan, Taiwan, India, Vietnam, Malaysia, Singapore, Indonesia, France, Germany, Netherlands, United Kingdom, Caribbean, Mexico, South America, North America, Israel, Brazil, Latin America, Korea with a focus on South Korea, and United States of America. In the United States and Europe, the firm focuses on buyouts of large, publicly traded companies. For middle market private equity it seeks to invest in companies with enterprise values between $200 million and $1000 million and EBITDA between $50 million to $250 million. The firm prefers to invest in a range of debt and public equity investing and may co-invest. It seeks a board seat in its portfolio companies and a controlling ownership of a company or a strategic minority position. It prefers to invest in initial public offerings, follow-on offerings, PIPE transactions, co-investments or private capital raises. The firm may acquire majority and minority equity interests, particularly when making private equity investments in Asia or sponsoring investments as part of a large investor consortium. The firm typically holds its investment for a period of five to seven years and more and exits through initial public offerings, secondary offerings, and sales to strategic buyers. KKR & Co. Inc. was founded in May 1, 1976 and is based in New York, New York with additional offices across North America, Europe, Australia, Middle East and Asia Pacific."}, "BK": {"ticker": "BK", "name": "Bank of New York Mellon Corp", "sector": "financial-services", "description": "The Bank of New York Mellon Corporation provides a range of financial products and services in the United States and internationally. It operates through Securities Services, Market and Wealth Services, Investment and Wealth Management, and Other segments. The Securities Services segment offers custody, trust and depositary, accounting, exchange-traded funds, middle-office solutions, transfer agency, services for private equity and real estate funds, foreign exchange, securities lending, liquidity/lending services, and data analytics. This segment also provides trustee, paying agency, fiduciary, escrow and other financial, issuer, and support services for brokers and investors. The Market and Wealth Services segment offers clearing and custody, investment, wealth and retirement solutions, technology and enterprise data management, trading, and prime brokerage services. This segment also provides integrated cash management solutions, including payments, foreign exchange, liquidity management, receivables processing, payables management, and trade finance, as well as U.S. government and global clearing, and tri-party services. The Investment and Wealth Management segment offers investment management strategies, investment products distribution, investment management, custody, wealth and estate planning, private banking, investment, and information management services. The Other segment provides corporate treasury, derivative and other trading, corporate and bank-owned life insurance, tax credit investment, other corporate investment, and business exit services. The company serves central banks and sovereigns, financial institutions, asset managers, insurance companies, corporations, local authorities and high net-worth individuals, and family offices. The Bank of New York Mellon Corporation was founded in 1784 and is headquartered in New York, New York."}, "ICE": {"ticker": "ICE", "name": "Intercontinental Exchange, Inc.", "sector": "financial-services", "description": "Intercontinental Exchange, Inc., together with its subsidiaries, provides technology and data to financial institutions, corporations, and government entities in the United States, the United Kingdom, the European Union, Canada, Asia Pacific, and the Middle East. It operates through three segments: Exchanges, Fixed Income and Data Services, and Mortgage Technology. The Exchanges segment operates regulated marketplace technology for the listing, trading, and clearing of an array of derivatives contracts and financial securities, such as commodities, interest rates, foreign exchange and equities, and corporate and exchange-traded funds, as well as data and connectivity services related to its exchanges and clearing houses. The Fixed Income and Data Services segment provides fixed income pricing, reference data, indices, analytics, and execution services, as well as global CDS clearing and multi-asset class data delivery technology. The Mortgage Technology segment offers a technology platform that provides customers comprehensive and digital workflow tools to address inefficiencies and mitigate risks that exist in the U.S. residential mortgage market life cycle from application through closing, servicing, and the secondary market. The company was founded in 2000 and is headquartered in Atlanta, Georgia."}, "PNC": {"ticker": "PNC", "name": "The PNC Financial Services Group, Inc.", "sector": "financial-services", "description": "The PNC Financial Services Group, Inc. operates as a diversified financial services company in the United States. It operates through three segments: Retail Banking, Corporate & Institutional Banking, and Asset Management Group segments. The Retail Banking segment offers checking, savings, and money market accounts, and time deposit; residential mortgages, home equity loans and lines of credit, auto loans, credit cards, education loans, and personal and small business loans and lines of credit; and brokerage, insurance, and investment and cash management services. This segment serves consumer and small business customers through a network of branches, digital channels, ATMs, and through phone-based customer contact centers. The Corporate & Institutional Banking segment provides secured and unsecured loans, letters of credit, and equipment leases; cash and investment management, receivables and disbursement management, funds transfer, international payment, and access to online/mobile information management and reporting services; asset-backed financing, securities underwriting, loan syndications, mergers and acquisitions and equity capital markets advisory, and customer related services; and commercial loan servicing and technology solutions. It serves mid-sized and large corporations, and government and not-for-profit entities. The Asset Management Group segment offers investment and retirement planning, customized investment management, credit and cash management solutions, and trust management and administration services for high net worth and ultra high net worth individuals, and their families; and multi-generational family planning services. It also offers outsourced chief investment officer, custody, cash and fixed income client solutions, and retirement plan fiduciary investment services for institutional clients. The company was founded in 1865 and is headquartered in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania."}, "USB": {"ticker": "USB", "name": "U.S. Bancorp", "sector": "financial-services", "description": "U.S. Bancorp, a financial services holding company, provides various financial services to individuals, businesses, institutional organizations, governmental entities, and other financial institutions in the United States. The company operates through Wealth, Corporate, Commercial and Institutional Banking; Consumer and Business Banking; Payment Services; and Treasury and Corporate Support segments. It offers depository services, including checking accounts, savings accounts, and time certificate contracts; and lending services, such as traditional credit products and credit card services, lease financing and import/export trade, agricultural finance, asset-backed lending, and other products. The company also provides cash management, capital markets, and trust and investment management services; and ancillary services comprising capital markets, treasury management, and receivable lock-box collection services to corporate and governmental entity customers. In addition, it offers asset management and fiduciary services for individuals, estates, foundations, business corporations, and charitable organizations; and investment and insurance products to its customers principally within its domestic markets, as well as fund administration services to mutual and other funds. Further, the company provides corporate and purchasing card, and corporate trust services; and credit card services, merchant and ATM processing, mortgage banking, insurance, brokerage and leasing services. U.S. Bancorp was founded in 1863 and is headquartered in Minneapolis, Minnesota."}, "MRSH": {"ticker": "MRSH", "name": "Marsh & McLennan Companies, Inc.", "sector": "financial-services", "description": "Marsh & McLennan Companies, Inc., a professional services company, provides advisory services and insurance solutions to clients in the areas of risk, strategy, and people worldwide. The company operates through Risk and Insurance Services, and Consulting segments. The Risk and Insurance Services segment offers risk management services, such as risk management, insurance broking, insurance program management, risk consulting, analytical modeling, and alternative risk financing services. This segment also offers insurance and reinsurance broking, strategic advisory and actuarial services, and analytics solutions. It serves businesses, public entities, insurance companies, associations, professional services organizations, and private clients. The Consulting segment provides health, wealth and career advice, solutions and products; and specialized management, strategic, economic, and brand consulting services. Marsh & McLennan Companies, Inc. was founded in 1871 and is headquartered in New York, New York."}, "MCO": {"ticker": "MCO", "name": "Moody's Corporation", "sector": "financial-services", "description": "Moody's Corporation, together with its subsidiaries, operates as an integrated risk assessment firm in the United States, the rest of the Americas, Europe, the Middle East, Africa, and the Asia Pacific. It operates through two segments, Moody's Analytics (MA) and Moody's Investors Services (MIS). The MA segment develops a range of products and services that support the risk management activities of institutional participants in financial markets. This segment also offers credit research, credit models and analytics, economics data and models, and structured finance solutions; data sets on companies and securities; and cloud-based SaaS subscription-based solutions supporting banking, insurance, and know-your-customer workflows. Its MIS segment publishes credit ratings and provides assessment services on various debt obligations, programs and facilities, and entities that issue such obligations, such as various corporate, financial institution, and governmental obligations, as well as structured finance securities. It also provides ratings, investment research, compliance and third-party risk, supplier risk, trade credit, business intelligence sales and marketing, financial and regulatory reporting, balance sheet management, capital management, credit portfolio management, and model risk and governance solutions; Maxsight, a unified risk platform; lending suite, origination, and monitoring solutions; and property, casualty, and sustainable insurance underwriting solutions. The company serves the financial, banking, insurance, corporation, public, and asset management sectors. The company was formerly known as Dun and Bradstreet Company and changed its name to Moody's Corporation in September 2000. Moody's Corporation was founded in 1900 and is headquartered in New York, New York."}, "APO": {"ticker": "APO", "name": "Apollo Global Management, Inc.", "sector": "financial-services", "description": "Apollo Global Management, Inc. is a private equity firm specializing in investments in credit, private equity, infrastructure, secondaries and real estate markets. The firm prefers to invest in private and public markets. The firm's private equity investments include traditional buyouts, recapitalization, distressed buyouts and debt investments in real estate, corporate partner buyouts, distressed asset, corporate carve-outs, middle market, growth, venture capital, turnaround, bridge, corporate restructuring, special situation, acquisition, and industry consolidation transactions. For credit strategies, the firm focuses to invest in multi-sector credit, semi-liquid credit, direct lending, first lien, unitranche, whole loans and private credit. The firm provides its services to endowment and sovereign wealth funds, as well as other institutional and individual investors. It manages client focused portfolios. The firm launches and manages hedge funds for its clients. It also manages real estate funds and private equity funds for its clients. The firm invests in the fixed income and alternative investment markets across the globe. Its fixed income investments include income-oriented senior loans, bonds, collateralized loan obligations, structured credit, opportunistic credit, non-performing loans, distressed debt, mezzanine debt, and value oriented fixed income securities. The firm seeks to invest in chemicals, commodities, consumer and retail, oil and gas, metals, mining, agriculture, commodities, distribution and transportation, financial and business services, manufacturing and industrial, media distribution, cable, entertainment and leisure, telecom, technology, natural resources, energy, packaging and materials, and satellite and wireless industries. It also focuses on clean energy, sustainable industry, climate solutions, energy transition, industrial decarbonization, sustainable mobility, sustainable resource use, and sustainable real estate. It seeks to invest in companies based in across Africa, Asia, North America with a focus on United States, Western Europe and Europe. It employs a combination of contrarian, value, and distressed strategies to make its investments. The firm seeks to make investments in the range of $75 million and $1500 million. The firm seeks to invest in companies with Enterprise value between $750 million to $2500 million. The firm conducts in-house research to create its investment portfolio. It seeks to acquire minority and majority positions in its portfolio companies. Apollo Global Management, Inc. was founded in 1990 and is headquartered in New York, New York with additional offices in North America, Asia, Africa and Europe."}, "AON": {"ticker": "AON", "name": "Aon plc", "sector": "financial-services", "description": "Aon plc operates as a professional services firm in the United States, rest of the Americas, the United Kingdom, Ireland, rest of Europe, the Middle East, Africa, and the Asia Pacific. It operates through Risk Capital and Human Capital segments. The company offers commercial risk solutions comprising retail and insurance brokerage, specialty solutions, global risk consulting, captives management, and affinity programs; health solutions, such as consulting and brokerage, consumer benefits, and talent advisory services; and wealth solutions, including retirement consulting and investments. It also provides treaty and facultative reinsurance; strategy and technology group solutions; insurance-linked securities, capital raising, strategic advice, restructuring, and merger and acquisition services; and risk management products and solutions, capital market solutions, and corporate finance advisory services. In addition, the company offers strategic design advice and actuarial services; pension risk transfer and integrated pension administration; and investment advisory services on developing and maintaining investment programs across various plan types, including defined benefit plans, defined contribution plans, master trusts, and pooled employer plans for corporations, public pensions, endowments, and foundations. Aon plc was incorporated in 1979 and is headquartered in Dublin, Ireland."}, "TFC": {"ticker": "TFC", "name": "Truist Financial Corporation", "sector": "financial-services", "description": "Truist Financial Corporation, a financial services company, provides banking and trust services in the Southeastern and Mid-Atlantic United States. The company operates through two segments, Consumer and Small Business Banking; and Wholesale Banking. Its deposit products include noninterest-bearing checking, interest-bearing checking, savings, and money market deposit accounts, as well as certificates of deposit and individual retirement accounts. The company also provides funding; asset management; credit card lending; home equity and mortgage lending; other direct retail lending; home mortgage lending; Investment brokerage services; mobile/online banking; payment solutions; point-of-sale lending; retail and small business deposit products; and small business lending. In addition, it offers asset-based lending, commercial deposit and treasury services; commercial lending; floor plan lending; derivatives; institutional trust services; insurance premium finance; international banking; investment banking and capital markets services; leasing; merchant services; mortgage warehouse lending; real estate lending; supply chain financing; and wealth management/private banking. The company was formerly known as BB&T Corporation and changed its name to Truist Financial Corporation in December 2019. Truist Financial Corporation was founded in 1872 and is headquartered in Charlotte, North Carolina."}, "TRV": {"ticker": "TRV", "name": "The Travelers Companies, Inc.", "sector": "financial-services", "description": "The Travelers Companies, Inc., through its subsidiaries, provides a range of commercial and personal property, and casualty insurance products and services to businesses, government units, associations, and individuals in the United States, Canada, and internationally. It operates through three segments: Business Insurance, Bond & Specialty Insurance, and Personal Insurance. The Business Insurance segment offers workers' compensation, commercial automobile and property, general liability, commercial multi-peril, employers' liability, public and product liability, professional indemnity, marine, aviation, commercial property and automobile, onshore and offshore energy, construction, terrorism, personal accident, and kidnap and ransom insurance products. This segment operates through select accounts, which serve small businesses; middle accounts that serve mid-sized businesses; national accounts, which serve large companies; and national property and others that serve large and mid-sized customers, commercial trucking industry, and agricultural businesses, as well as markets and distributes its products through brokers, wholesale agents, and program managers. The Bond & Specialty Insurance segment provides surety, fidelity, management and professional liability, and other property and casualty coverages and related risk management services through independent agencies and brokers. The Personal Insurance segment offers property and casualty insurance covering personal risks, primarily automobile and homeowners' insurance to individuals. The Travelers Companies, Inc. was founded in 1853 and is based in New York, New York."}, "AFL": {"ticker": "AFL", "name": "Aflac Incorporated", "sector": "financial-services", "description": "Aflac Incorporated, through its subsidiaries, provides supplemental health and life insurance products. It operates in two segments, Aflac Japan and Aflac U.S. The Aflac Japan segment offers cancer, medical, nursing care, whole life, and GIFT insurance products, as well as WAYS and child endowment, and Tsumitasu insurance products in Japan. Its Aflac U.S. segment provides accident, disability, cancer, critical illness, hospital indemnity, dental, vision, and life insurance products in the United States. The company also provides hearing, final expense, pet, Medicare supplement, supplemental dental and vision, short-term disability, and absence management insurance products, as well as cafeteria plans. It sells its products to individuals, families, and business owners through individual, independent corporate, and affiliated corporate agencies; banks; independent associates/career agents; and brokers. Aflac Incorporated was founded in 1955 and is headquartered in Columbus, Georgia."}, "AJG": {"ticker": "AJG", "name": "Arthur J. Gallagher & Co.", "sector": "financial-services", "description": "Arthur J. Gallagher & Co., together with its subsidiaries, provides insurance and reinsurance brokerage, consulting, and third-party property/casualty claims settlement and administration services to entities and individuals worldwide. The company operates in Brokerage and Risk Management segments. Its Brokerage segment offers retail and wholesale insurance and reinsurance brokerage services; assists retail brokers and other non-affiliated brokers in the placement of specialized and hard-to-place insurance; and acts as a brokerage wholesaler, managing general agent, and managing general underwriter for distributing specialized insurance coverages to underwriting enterprises. This segment performs activities, including marketing, underwriting, issuing policies, collecting premiums, appointing and supervising other agents, paying claims, and negotiating reinsurance; and offers services in the areas of insurance and reinsurance placement, risk of loss management, and management of employer sponsored benefit programs. The Risk Management segment provides contract claim settlement and administration services; and claims management, loss control consulting, and insurance property appraisal services. The company offers its services through a network of correspondent brokers and consultants. It serves commercial, industrial, public, religious, and nonprofit entities, as well as underwriting enterprises. The company was founded in 1927 and is headquartered in Rolling Meadows, Illinois."}, "ALL": {"ticker": "ALL", "name": "The Allstate Corporation", "sector": "financial-services", "description": "The Allstate Corporation, together with its subsidiaries, provides property and casualty, and other insurance products in the United States and Canada. It operates in four segments: Allstate Protection; Run-off Property-Liability; Protection Services; and Corporate and Other. The company offers private passenger auto, homeowners, other personal lines and commercial insurance through exclusive agents, independent agents, contact centers and online under the Allstate, National General, Direct Auto and Answer Financial brands. It also provides consumer product protection plans, device and mobile data collection services, and analytic solutions using automotive telematics information, roadside assistance, and protection plans; and insurance products, such as identity protection and restoration. In addition, the company offers property and casualty insurance, as well as engages in company activities and certain non-insurance operations, including expenses associated with strategic initiatives. Further, it offers automotive protection; vehicle service contracts, guaranteed asset protection, road hazard tires and wheels, and paintless dent repair protection; and roadside assistance, mobility data collection services, and analytic solutions using automotive telematics information, identity theft protection, and remediation services. The Allstate Corporation was founded in 1931 and is headquartered in Northbrook, Illinois."}, "MET": {"ticker": "MET", "name": "MetLife, Inc.", "sector": "financial-services", "description": "MetLife, Inc., a financial services company, provides insurance, annuities, employee benefits, and asset management services worldwide. It operates in six segments: Group Benefits; Retirement and Income Solutions; Asia; Latin America; Europe, the Middle East and Africa; and MetLife Holdings. The company offers life, dental, group short-and long-term disability, paid family and medical leave, individual disability, accidental death and dismemberment, accident and health, vision, and pet insurance, as well as prepaid legal plans; administrative services-only arrangements to employers; and general and separate account, and synthetic guaranteed interest contracts, as well as private floating rate funding agreements. It also provides pension risk transfers, institutional income annuities, structured settlements, and capital markets investment products; and other products and services, such as life insurance products and funding agreements for funding postretirement benefits, as well as company, bank, or trust-owned life insurance used to finance nonqualified benefit programs for executives. In addition, it offers fixed, indexed-linked, and variable annuities; pension products; regular savings products; whole and term life, endowments, universal and variable life, and group life products; longevity and funded reinsurance solutions; credit insurance products; accident & health products covering hospitalization, cancer, critical illness, income protection, and scheduled medical reimbursement plans; and protection against long-term health care services. The company was incorporated in 1999 and is based in New York, New York."}, "NDAQ": {"ticker": "NDAQ", "name": "Nasdaq, Inc.", "sector": "financial-services", "description": "Nasdaq, Inc. operates as a technology company that serves capital markets and other industries in the United States and internationally. It operates through three segments: Capital Access Platforms, Financial Technology, and Market Services. The company distributes historical and real-time market data; develops and licenses Nasdaq-branded indices and financial products; provides investor relations intelligence, governance solutions, and sustainability solution products for public and private companies, and organizations, as well as insights and workflow solutions; and operates listing platforms. It also offers Verafin, a cloud-based platform to detect, investigate, and report money laundering and financial frauds; AxiomSL, a risk data management and regulatory reporting solution; cloud-enabled and on-premises surveillance solutions to assist in complying with market rules, regulations, and internal market surveillance policies; Calypso, a platform providing cross-asset, front-to-back trading, treasury, risk, and collateral management solutions; and trade management and colocation services, as well as handles assets comprising cash equities, equity derivatives, currencies, various interest-bearing securities, commodities, energy products, and digital currencies. In addition, the company provides equity derivative trading and clearing, cash equity trading and fixed income, currency and commodities trading, and fixed income trading and clearing services, as well as tape plan data services; operates various exchanges, including derivatives, commodities, cash equity, debt, structured products, and exchange traded products; and offers clearing, settlement, and central depository services. The company was formerly known as The NASDAQ OMX Group, Inc. and changed its name to Nasdaq, Inc. in September 2015. Nasdaq, Inc. was founded in 1971 and is headquartered in New York, New York."}, "FNMA": {"ticker": "FNMA", "name": "Federal National Mortgage Association", "sector": "financial-services", "description": "Federal National Mortgage Association provides financing solutions for residential mortgages in the United States. The company operates in two segments, Single-Family and Multifamily. It offers mortgage acquisitions and securitizations; and credit risk and loss management services. The company also engages in mortgage securitization transactions, including lender swap, portfolio securitization, and structured securitization transactions; and credit risk and loss management services. Federal National Mortgage Association was incorporated in 1938 and is based in Washington, District Of Columbia."}, "PYPL": {"ticker": "PYPL", "name": "PayPal Holdings, Inc.", "sector": "financial-services", "description": "PayPal Holdings, Inc. operates a technology platform that enables digital payments for merchants and consumers worldwide. The company operates a two-sided network at scale that connects merchants and consumers that enables its customers to connect, transact, and send and receive payments through online and in person, as well as transfer and withdraw funds using various funding sources, such as bank accounts, PayPal or Venmo account balance, consumer credit and debit products, credit and debit cards, and cryptocurrencies, as well as other stored value products, including gift cards and eligible rewards. It provides payment solutions under the PayPal, PayPal Credit, Braintree, Venmo, Xoom, Hyperwallet, Honey, and Paidy names. The company was founded in 1998 and is headquartered in San Jose, California."}, "FITB": {"ticker": "FITB", "name": "Fifth Third Bancorp", "sector": "financial-services", "description": "Fifth Third Bancorp operates as the bank holding company for Fifth Third Bank, National Association that provides a range of financial products and services in the United States. It operates through three segments: Commercial Banking, Consumer and Small Business Banking, and Wealth and Asset Management. The Commercial Banking segment offers credit intermediation, cash management, and financial services; lending and depository products; and cash management, foreign exchange and international trade finance, derivatives and capital markets services, asset-based lending, real estate finance, public finance, commercial leasing, and syndicated finance for business, government, and professional customers. Its Consumer and Small Banking segment engages in the provision of a range of deposit and loan products to individuals and small businesses; residential mortgage activities, including the origination, retention and servicing of residential mortgage loans, sales and securitizations of loans, and associated hedging activities; home equity loans and lines of credit, credit cards, automobile and other indirect lending, and other consumer lending services; and home improvement and solar energy installation loans through contractors and installers. The Wealth and Asset Management segment provides various wealth management services, such as wealth planning, investment management, banking, insurance, trust, and estate services for for individuals, companies, and not-for-profit organizations; retail brokerage services for individual clients; and advisory services for institutional clients. Fifth Third Bancorp was founded in 1858 and is headquartered in Cincinnati, Ohio."}, "AMP": {"ticker": "AMP", "name": "Ameriprise Financial, Inc.", "sector": "financial-services", "description": "Ameriprise Financial, Inc., together with its subsidiaries, operates as a diversified financial services company in the United States and internationally. The company offers financial planning and advice services to individual and institutional clients. It operates through Advice & Wealth Management, Asset Management, Retirement & Protection Solutions, Corporate & Other segments. The Advice & Wealth Management segment provides financial planning and advice; brokerage products and services for retail and institutional clients; discretionary and non-discretionary investment advisory accounts; mutual funds; insurance and annuities products; cash management and banking products; and face-amount certificates. The Asset Management segment offers investment management, advice, and products to retail, high net worth, and institutional clients through third-party financial institutions, advisor network, direct retail, and its institutional sales force under the Columbia Threadneedle Investments brand name. Its products include U.S. mutual funds and their non-U.S. equivalents, exchange-traded funds, variable product funds underlying insurance, and annuity separate accounts; and institutional asset management products, such as traditional asset classes, separately managed accounts, individually managed accounts, collateralized loan obligations, hedge funds, collective funds, and property and infrastructure funds. The Retirement & Protection Solutions segment provides variable annuity products, as well as life and disability income insurance products to retail clients. Ameriprise Financial, Inc. was formerly known as American Express Financial Corporation and changed its name to Ameriprise Financial, Inc. in September 2005. The company was founded in 1894 and is based in Minneapolis, Minnesota."}, "AIG": {"ticker": "AIG", "name": "American International Group, Inc.", "sector": "financial-services", "description": "American International Group, Inc. provides insurance products for commercial, institutional, and individual customers in North America and internationally. It operates through three segments: North America Commercial, International Commercial, and Global Personal. The company offers commercial and industrial property insurance, including business interruption and package insurance that cover exposure to made and natural disasters; general liability, environmental, commercial automobile liability, workers' compensation, excess casualty, and crisis management insurance products; risk-sharing and other customized structured programs for large corporate and multinational customers; professional liability insurance; and marine, energy-related property insurance products, aviation, political risk, trade credit, and trade finance products. It also provides group personal accident and business travel products for employees, associations, and other organizations; voluntary and sponsor-paid personal accident and supplemental health products for individuals; and personal auto and homeowners in selected markets, comprehensive extended warranty, device protection insurance, home warranty and related services, and insurance for high net-worth individuals. In addition, the company offers mortgage and other loans receivable, such as commercial mortgages, life insurance policy loans, commercial loans, and other loans and notes receivable. American International Group, Inc. was founded in 1919 and is headquartered in New York, New York."}, "MSCI": {"ticker": "MSCI", "name": "MSCI Inc.", "sector": "financial-services", "description": "MSCI Inc., together with its subsidiaries, provides research-based data, analytics, and indexes, supported by advanced technology worldwide. The Index segment provides indexes for use in various areas of the investment process, including indexed financial products, such as ETFs, mutual funds, annuities, futures, options, structured products, and over-the-counter derivatives; performance benchmarking; portfolio construction and rebalancing; and asset allocation, as well as licenses GICS and GICS Direct. The Analytics segment offers risk management, performance attribution and portfolio management content, application, an integrated view of risk and return service, and an analysis of market, credit, liquidity, counterparty, and climate risk across asset classes; managed services, including consolidation of client portfolio data, review and reconciliation of input data and results, and customized reporting; and HedgePlatform to measure, evaluate, and monitor the risk of hedge fund investments. The Sustainability and Climate segment provides products and services that help institutional investors understand how ESG impacts the long-term risk and return of their portfolio and individual security-level investments; and data, ratings, research, and tools to assist investors navigate increasing regulation. The All Other \u0096 Private Assets segment comprises private credit, real estate and infrastructure data, benchmarks, return-analytics, climate assessments and market insights; business intelligence to real estate owners, managers, developers, and brokers; and offers investment decision support tools for private capital. The Private Capital Solutions segment offers tools to help private asset investors across mission-critical workflows, such as sourcing terms and conditions, evaluating operating performance, managing risk and other activities supporting private capital investment. MSCI Inc. was incorporated in 1998 and is based in New York, New York."}, "STT": {"ticker": "STT", "name": "State Street Corporation", "sector": "financial-services", "description": "State Street Corporation provides various financial products and services to institutional investors. It offers custody, accounting, and fund administration services for traditional and alternative assets, as well as multi-asset class investments; recordkeeping, client reporting, and investment book of record, transaction management, loans, cash, derivatives, and collateral services; investor services operations outsourcing; performance, risk, and compliance analytics; financial data management to support institutional investors; foreign exchange, brokerage, and other trading services; securities finance, such as prime services products; and deposit and short-term investment facilities. \nThe company also provides the State Street Alpha platform that combines portfolio management, trading and execution, analytics and compliance tools, and advanced data aggregation and integration with other industry platforms and providers; front-office technology that automates and simplifies the institutional investment process comprising portfolio management and risk analytics, trading, and post-trade settlement with integrated compliance and managed data; investment management solutions; and portfolio management, trading compliance, and manager/sponsor communication. In addition, it offers investment management solutions, such as strategies across equity, fixed income, cash, multi-asset, and alternatives; and ETFs, custom indexed, managed funds, and mandates. The company provides its products and services to mutual funds, collective investment funds and other investment pools, corporate and public retirement plans, insurance companies, wealth managers, investment managers, foundations, and endowments. The company was founded in 1792 and is headquartered in Boston, Massachusetts."}, "ARES": {"ticker": "ARES", "name": "Ares Management Corporation", "sector": "financial-services", "description": "Ares Management Corporation operates as an alternative asset manager. Its Direct Lending Group segment provides financing solutions to small-to-medium sized companies. The company's Private Equity Group segment specializes in early venture, turnaround, mid venture, late venture, recapitalization, growth capital, middle market, mezzanine, distressed and growth buyouts. The firm seeks to invest in healthcare, services, energy, industrials and consumer. The firm seeks to takes majority, minority and shared-control investments primarily in under-capitalized companies in North America, Europe, Asia Pacific, Southeast Asia and Australia. Its Real Estate Group segment invests in new developments and the repositioning of assets, with a focus on control or majority-control investments; and originates and invests in a range of self-originated financing opportunities for middle-market owners and operators of commercial real estate. The firm prefers to invest between $1 million and $500 million in companies having EBITDA between $10 million and $250 million and debt investment value between $10 million and $100 million. Ares Management Corporation was founded in 1997 and is based in Los Angeles, California with additional offices in North America, Europe and Asia."}, "HIG": {"ticker": "HIG", "name": "The Hartford Insurance Group, Inc.", "sector": "financial-services", "description": "The Hartford Insurance Group, Inc., together with its subsidiaries, provides insurance and financial services to individual and business customers in the United States, the United Kingdom, and internationally. It operates through Business Insurance, Personal Insurance, Property & Casualty Other Operations, Employee Benefits and Hartford Funds. The company offers insurance coverage, including workers' compensation, property, automobile, general and professional liability, package business, umbrella, fidelity and surety, marine, livestock, accident, health, and reinsurance through regional offices, branches, sales and policyholder service centers, independent retail agents and brokers, wholesale agents, and reinsurance brokers. The company also provides automobiles, homeowners, and personal umbrella coverages. The Property & Casualty Other Operations segment offers coverage for asbestos and environmental exposures. In addition, it provides group life, disability, and other group coverages to members of employer groups, associations, and affinity groups through direct insurance policies; reinsurance to other insurance companies; employer paid and voluntary product coverages; disability underwriting, administration, and claims processing to self-funded employer plans; leave management solution; distributes its group insurance products and services through brokers, consultants, third-party administrators, trade associations, and private exchanges. Further, the company offers managed mutual funds across various asset classes; and exchange-traded funds through broker-dealer organizations, independent financial advisers, defined contribution plans, financial consultants, bank trust, and registered investment advisers, as well as investment management, distribution, and administrative services, such as product design, implementation, and oversight. The company was founded in 1810 and is headquartered in Hartford, Connecticut."}, "LLY": {"ticker": "LLY", "name": "Eli Lilly and Company", "sector": "healthcare", "description": "Eli Lilly and Company discovers, develops, manufactures, and markets human pharmaceutical products in the United States, Europe, China, Japan, and internationally. The company offers cardiometabolic health products, including Basaglar, Humalog, Humalog Mix 75/25, Humalog U-100, Humalog U-200, Humalog Mix 50/50, insulin lispro, insulin lispro protamine, insulin lispro mix 75/25, Humulin, Humulin 70/30, Humulin N, Humulin R, Humulin U-500 for diabetes; Jardiance, Mounjaro, and Trulicity for type 2 diabetes; and Zepbound for obesity. It also provides oncology products, such as Cyramza for the second-line treatment of gastric cancer or gastro-esophageal junction adenocarcinoma; Erbitux for colorectal cancers and head and neck cancers; Inluriyo for breast cancer; Jaypirca for chronic lymphocytic leukemia or small lymphocytic lymphoma; Retevmo for the treatment of metastatic NSCLC; TYVYT for classic hodgkin's lymphoma; and Verzenio for breast cancer. In addition, the company offers immunology products, which include Ebglyss for severe atopic dermatitis; Olumiant for rheumatoid arthritis, atopic dermatitis, severe alopecia areata, and COVID-19; Omvoh for ulcerative colitis; and Taltz for plaque psoriasis, psoriatic arthritis, ankylosing spondylitis, and non-radiographic axial spondylarthritis. Further, it provides Emgality for migraine prevention and episodic cluster headache, as well as Kisubla for symptomatic Alzheimer's disease. The company has collaborations with Boehringer Ingelheim Pharmaceuticals, Inc. for the Jardiance product family; and F. Hoffmann-La Roche Ltd and Genentech, Inc. for lebrikizumab, as well as license agreements with Almirall, S.A. for Ebglyss; and Chugai Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd for orforglipron. Eli Lilly and Company was founded in 1876 and is headquartered in Indianapolis, Indiana."}, "ABBV": {"ticker": "ABBV", "name": "AbbVie Inc.", "sector": "healthcare", "description": "AbbVie Inc., a research-based biopharmaceutical company, engages in the research and development, manufacturing, commercializing, and sale of medicines and therapies worldwide. The company offers Skyrizi to treat autoimmune diseases; Rinvoq to treat inflammatory diseases; Imbruvica for the treatment of adult patients with blood cancers; Venclexta to treat blood cancers; Elahere to treat various cancer; and Epkinly to treat lymphoma; and Emrelis for the treatment of lung cancer. It also provides facial injectables, plastics and regenerative medicine, body contouring, and skincare products; botox Cosmetic for the treatment of glabellar lines, crow's feet, forehead lines, and platysma bands; Juvederm Collection to treat volume loss in the temples, undereye, cheeks, chin, lips and lower face; Vraylar to treat schizophrenia, bipolar disorder, and depressive disorder; Duodopa to treat Parkinson's disease; Ubrelvy to treat migraine; Qulipta for episodic and chronic migraine; and Vyalev for the treatment of motor fluctuations, as well as Botox Therapeutic to treat chronic migraine, overactive bladder, spasticity, cervical dystonia, and other conditions. In addition, the company offers Ozurdex for visual impairment; Lumigan/Ganfort and Alphagan/Combigan for the reduction of elevated intraocular pressure in patients with open angle glaucoma or ocular hypertension; and other eye care products, including Refresh/Optive, Xen, Durysta, and Restasis. Further, it provides Mavyret to treat chronic hepatitis C virus genotype 1-6 infection; Creon, a pancreatic enzyme therapy; and Linzess/Constella to treat irritable bowel syndrome with constipation and chronic idiopathic constipation. The company was incorporated in 2012 and is headquartered in North Chicago, Illinois."}, "UNH": {"ticker": "UNH", "name": "UnitedHealth Group Incorporated", "sector": "healthcare", "description": "UnitedHealth Group Incorporated operates as a health care company in the United States and internationally. It operates through four segments: Optum Health, Optum Insight, Optum Rx; and UnitedHealthcare. The Optum Health segment provides care delivery, care management, wellness and consumer engagement, and health financial services with patients, consumers, care delivery systems, providers, employers, payers, and public-sector entities. The Optum Insight segment offers software and information products, advisory consulting arrangements, and managed services outsourcing contracts to hospital systems, physicians, health plans, public entities, life sciences companies and other organizations. The Optum Rx segment provides pharmacy care services and programs, including retail network contracting, home delivery, specialty and community health pharmacy services, infusion, and purchasing and clinical capabilities, as well as develops programs in the areas of step therapy, formulary management, drug adherence, and disease and drug therapy management. The UnitedHealthcare segment offers consumer-oriented health benefit plans and services for national employers, public sector employers, mid-sized employers, small businesses, and individuals; Medicaid plans, including Temporary Assistance to Needy Families; Children's Health Insurance Programs; Dual SNPs; Long-Term Services and Supports; Aged, Blind and Disabled; and other federal, state, and community health care programs. and health care benefits products and services to state programs caring for the economically disadvantaged, medically underserved, and those without the benefit of employer-funded health care coverage. UnitedHealth Group Incorporated was founded in 1974 and is based in Eden Prairie, Minnesota."}, "MRK": {"ticker": "MRK", "name": "Merck & Co., Inc.", "sector": "healthcare", "description": "Merck & Co., Inc. operates as a healthcare company worldwide. It offers human health pharmaceutical for various areas under the Keytruda, Keytruda Qlex, Welireg, Gardasil, ProQuad, M-M-R II, Varivax, Vaxneuvance, Capvaxive, RotaTeq, Pneumovax 23, Bridion, Prevymis, Dificid, Zerbaxa, Winrevair, Adempas/ Verquvo, Ohtuvayre, Lagevrio, Isentress/Isentress HD, Delstrigo, Pifeltro, Belsomra, Januvia, and Janumet brands. The company also provides veterinary pharmaceuticals, vaccines and health management solutions and services, such as livestock products under the Nuflor, Bovilis/Vista, Bovilis Cryptium, Banamine, Estrumate, Matrix, Resflor, Zuprevo, Revalor, Safe-Guard, M+Pac, Porcilis, Circumvent, Nobilis/Innovax, Paracox and Coccivac, Exzolt, Slice, Imvixa, Clynav, Aquavac/Norvax, Aquaflor, Flexolt brands; Allflex Livestock Intelligence solutions; and companion animal products under the Bravecto One-Month, Bravecto Injectable/Quantum, Bravecto TriUNO, Bravecto Plus, Sentinel Spectrum, Sentinel Flavor Tabs, Numelvi, Optimmune, Nobivac NXT, GilvetMab, Otomax, Mometamax, Mometamax Ultra, Posatex, Caninsulin/Vetsulin, Panacur, Safeguard, Regumate, Prestige, Scalibor/Exspot, Sure Petcare, and Home Again brands. It has development and commercialization agreement for three of Daiichi Sankyo's deruxtecan ADC candidates; AstraZeneca PLC to co-development and co-commercialize AstraZeneca's Lynparza products for multiple cancer types; licensed to develop, manufacture and commercialize LM-299, a novel investigational PD-1/VEGF bispecific antibody from LaNova; and collaboration agreement with Eisai Co., Ltd., Bayer AG, and Ridgeback Biotherapeutics LP, as well Moderna, Inc. Merck & Co., Inc. has strategic collaboration with Infinimmune, Inc. to discover and develop antibodies against multiple therapeutic targets. The company was founded in 1891 and is headquartered in Rahway, New Jersey."}, "TMO": {"ticker": "TMO", "name": "Thermo Fisher Scientific Inc.", "sector": "healthcare", "description": "Thermo Fisher Scientific Inc. provides life sciences solutions, analytical instruments, specialty diagnostics, and laboratory products and biopharma services in the North America, Europe, Asia-Pacific, and internationally. It operates through four segments: Life Sciences Solutions, Analytical Instruments, Specialty Diagnostics, and Laboratory Products and Biopharma Services. The Life Sciences Solutions segment includes reagents, instruments, and consumables for biological and medical research; discovery and production of drugs and vaccines; and diagnosis of infections and diseases. Its Analytical Instruments segment provides instruments, consumables, software, and services for pharmaceutical, biotechnology, academic, government, environmental, and other research and industrial markets, as well as clinical laboratories. The Specialty Diagnostics segment offers clinical diagnostics products, such as liquid ready-to-use and lyophilized immunodiagnostic reagent kits, calibrators, controls, protein detection assays, and instruments; immunodiagnostic offerings comprising developing, manufacturing, and marketing of complete blood-test systems for the clinical diagnosis and monitoring of allergy, asthma and autoimmune diseases; microbiology offerings, such as dehydrated and prepared culture media, collection and transport systems, instrumentation and consumables to detect pathogens in blood, diagnostic and rapid direct specimen tests, quality-control products, and associated products; transplant diagnostics products, including human leukocyte antigen typing and testing for the organ transplant market; and healthcare market channel offerings. Its Laboratory Products and Biopharma Services segment provides laboratory products, research and safety market channel, and pharma services and clinical research. Thermo Fisher Scientific Inc. was founded in 1956 and is headquartered in Waltham, Massachusetts."}, "AMGN": {"ticker": "AMGN", "name": "Amgen Inc.", "sector": "healthcare", "description": "Amgen Inc. discovers, develops, manufactures, and delivers human therapeutics worldwide. The company's principal products include Enbrel for the treatment of rheumatoid arthritis, plaque psoriasis, and psoriatic arthritis; Otezla for the treatment of adult patients with plaque psoriasis, psoriatic arthritis, and oral ulcers associated with Beh\u00e7et's disease; Prolia to treat postmenopausal women with osteoporosis; XGEVA for skeletal-related events prevention; Repatha, which reduces the risks of myocardial infarction, stroke, and coronary revascularization; Nplate for the treatment of patients with immune thrombocytopenia; KYPROLIS to treat patients with relapsed or refractory multiple myeloma; Aranesp to treat a lower-than-normal number of red blood cells and anemia; EVENITY for the treatment of osteoporosis in postmenopausal for women; Vectibix to treat patients with wild-type RAS metastatic colorectal cancer; BLINCYTO for the treatment of patients with acute lymphoblastic leukemia; TEPEZZA to treat thyroid eye disease; and KRYSTEXXA for the treatment of chronic refractory gout. It also markets other products, including PROLIA, REPATHA, OTEZLA, ENBREL, EVENITY, XGEVA, TEPEZZA, BLINCYTO, NPLATE, TEZSPIRE, KYPROLIS, ARANESP, KRYSTEXXA AND VECTIBIX, MVASI, PAVBLU, UPLIZNA, IMDELLTRA/IMDYLLTRA, AMJEVITA/AMGEVITA, TAVNEOS, NEULASTA, LUMAKRAS/LUMYKRAS, RAVICTI, PARSABIV, AIMOVIG, WEZLANA/WEZENLA, AND PROCYSBI. The company serves healthcare providers, including physicians or their clinics, dialysis centers, hospitals, and pharmacies. It distributes its products through pharmaceutical wholesale distributors. The company has collaboration agreements with AstraZeneca plc for the development and commercialization of TEZSPIRE; BEONE MEDICINES LTD. to develop and commercialize Aimovig; UCB for the development and commercialization of EVENITY; Kyowa Kirin Co., Ltd. for rocatinlimab development and commercialization; and BeiGene, Ltd. for oncology products expansion and development. The company was incorporated in 1980 and is headquartered in Thousand Oaks, California."}, "GILD": {"ticker": "GILD", "name": "Gilead Sciences, Inc.", "sector": "healthcare", "description": "Gilead Sciences, Inc., a biopharmaceutical company, discovers, develops, and commercializes medicines in the areas of unmet medical need in the United States, Europe, and internationally. The company provides Biktarvy, Descovy, Genvoya, Odefsey, Sunlenca, Symtuza, and YeztugoFor the treatment of HIV-1 infection in patients. It also provides Epclusa, Livdelzi, and Vemlidy to treat chronic hepatitis C virus, primary biliary cholangitis, and chronic hepatitis B virus; Tecartus, a T-cell therapy for the treatment of adult patients; Trodelvy, an injection for intravenous use; and Yescarta, a suspension for intravenous infusion, is a CAR T-cell therapy for the treatment of adult patients. Further, it provides AmBisome, for the treatment of serious invasive fungal infections; and Veklury for the treatment of COVID-19. Additionally, the company engages in the development of various immunotherapies for patients with cancer and other incurable diseases. The company has collaboration agreements with Shenzhen Pregene Biopharma Co., Ltd.; Abingworth; Arcus Biosciences, Inc.; Merck Sharp & Dohme Corp.; Janssen Sciences Ireland Unlimited Company; Japan Tobacco, Inc.; Everest Medicines; Merck & Co, Inc.; Tentarix Biotherapeutics Inc.; and Assembly Biosciences, Inc. It also has research collaboration, option, and license agreement with Merus N.V. for the discovery of novel dual tumor-associated antigens (TAA) targeting trispecific antibodies. The company has a collaboration with Terray Therapeutics, Inc. to discover and develop small molecule therapies; and LEO Pharma to develop, manufacture, and commercialize the small molecule oral STAT6 program. The company was incorporated in 1987 and is headquartered in Foster City, California."}, "ABT": {"ticker": "ABT", "name": "Abbott Laboratories", "sector": "healthcare", "description": "Abbott Laboratories, together with its subsidiaries, discovers, develops, manufactures, and sells health care products worldwide. It operates in four segments: Established Pharmaceutical Products, Diagnostic Products, Nutritional Products, and Medical Devices. The company offers generic pharmaceuticals for the treatment of pancreatic exocrine insufficiency, irritable bowel syndrome or biliary spasm, intrahepatic cholestasis or depressive symptoms, gynecological disorder, hormone replacement therapy, dyslipidemia, hypertension, hypothyroidism, hypertriglyceridemia, M\u00e9ni\u00e8re's disease and vestibular vertigo, pain, fever, inflammation, and migraine, as well as provides anti-infective clarithromycin, influenza vaccine, and products to regulate physiological rhythm of the colon. It also provides laboratory and transfusion medicine systems in the areas of immunoassay, clinical chemistry, hematology, and transfusion serology testing; molecular diagnostics polymerase chain reaction instrument systems that automate the extraction, purification, and preparation of DNA and RNA from patient samples, and detect and measure infectious agents; point of care systems; cartridges for testing blood gas, chemistry, electrolytes, coagulation, and immunoassay; rapid diagnostics lateral flow testing products; molecular point-of-care testing for HIV, SARS-CoV-2, influenza A and B, RSV, and strep A; cardiometabolic test systems; and drug and alcohol test. In addition, the company offers pediatric and adult nutritional products and infant formula; rhythm management, electrophysiology, heart failure, vascular, and structural heart devices for the treatment of cardiovascular diseases; diabetes care products, such as glucose and blood glucose monitoring systems; and neuromodulation devices. The company was formerly known as Abbott Alkaloidal Company and changed its name to Abbott Laboratories in 1915. Abbott Laboratories was founded in 1888 and is based in Abbott Park, Illinois."}, "ISRG": {"ticker": "ISRG", "name": "Intuitive Surgical, Inc.", "sector": "healthcare", "description": "Intuitive Surgical, Inc. develops, manufactures, and markets products that enable physicians and healthcare providers to enhance the quality of and access to minimally invasive care in the United States and internationally. It offers the da Vinci Surgical System that enables surgical procedures using a minimally invasive approach; and Ion endoluminal system, which extends its commercial offerings beyond surgery into diagnostic endoluminal procedures enabling minimally invasive biopsies in the lung. The company also provides a suite of stapling, energy, and core instrumentation for its multi-port da Vinci surgical systems; progressive learning pathways to support the use of its technology; infrastructure of customer service and support specialists, a complement of services to its customers, including installation, repair, maintenance, 24/7 technical support, and proactive system health monitoring; and integrated digital capabilities providing connected offerings, streamlining performance for hospitals with program-enhancing insights. It sells its products through direct sales organizations, such as capital and clinical sales teams. Intuitive Surgical, Inc. was incorporated in 1995 and is headquartered in Sunnyvale, California."}, "PFE": {"ticker": "PFE", "name": "Pfizer Inc.", "sector": "healthcare", "description": "Pfizer Inc. discovers, develops, manufactures, markets, distributes, and sells biopharmaceutical products in the United States and internationally. It operates in three segments: Biopharma, PC1, and Pfizer Ignite. The company offers internal medicine products, including cardiovascular metabolic diseases products under the Eliquis brand; migraine products under the Nurtec ODT/Vydura and Zavzpret brand; vaccines under the Prevnar family, Abrysvo, Nimenrix, FSME/IMMUN-TicoVac, and Trumenba brands; and Paxlovid for the treatment of COVID-19. It also provides inflammation and immunology products, such as Xeljanz, Enbrel, Cibinqo, Litfulo, Eucrisa, and Velsipity; rare disease products for therapeutic areas comprising amyloidosis, hemophilia, and endocrine diseases under the Vyndaqel family, Genotropin, BeneFIX, Xyntha, Somavert, Ngenla, and Hympavzi brands; and anti-infective and immunoglobulin medicines under the Zavicefta, Octagam, and Panzyga brands. In addition, the company offers oncology products comprising ADCs, small molecules, bispecific, and other immunotherapies for the treatment of cancers, including breast cancer, genitourinary cancer, and hematologic malignancies, as well as melanoma, gastrointestinal, gynecological, and lung cancer under the Ibrance, Xtandi, Padcev, Adcetris, Inlyta, Lorbrena, Bosulif, Tukysa, Braftovi, Mektovi, Orgovyx, Elrexfio, Tivdak, and Talzenna brands. Further, it provides biosimilars under the Inflectra brand; oncology biosimilars comprising Retacrit, Ruxience, Zirabev, Trazimera and Nivestym, and other biosimilars; and sterile injectables, such as Sulperazon, Atgam, Fragmin, Solu Medrol, Solu Cortef, and Bicillin. The company has collaboration agreements with Bristol-Myers Squibb Company; Astellas Pharma US, Inc.; Merck KGaA; and BioNTech SE, as well as a strategic collaboration with Boltz, PBC to develop and deploy biomolecular AI foundation models. Pfizer Inc. was founded in 1849 and is headquartered in New York, New York."}, "DHR": {"ticker": "DHR", "name": "Danaher Corporation", "sector": "healthcare", "description": "Danaher Corporation designs, manufactures, and markets professional, medical, research, and industrial products and services in the United States, China, and internationally. The company operates through Biotechnology, Life Sciences, and Diagnostics segments. The Biotechnology segment provides technologies, consumables, services, and solutions that advance, accelerate, and integrate the development and manufacture of therapeutics; cell line and cell culture media development services; cell culture media, process liquids and buffers for manufacturing, chromatography resins, filtration technologies, and aseptic fill finish; single-use hardware, consumables, and services, such as the design and installation of full manufacturing suites; lab filtration, separation, and purification; lab-scale protein purification and analytical tools; reagents, membranes, and services for diagnostic and assay development; and healthcare filtration solutions. The Life Sciences segment provides mass spectrometers; bioanalytical measurement systems; flow cytometry, genomics, lab automation, centrifugation, liquid handling automation instruments, antibodies and reagents, and particle counting and characterization; genome sample preparation; microscopes; protein consumables; filtration products; and genomic medicines, such as custom nucleic acid products, and plasmid DNA, RNA, and proteins under the ABCAM, ALDEVRON, BECKMAN COULTER, GENEDATA, IDT, LEICA MICROSYSTEMS, MOLECULAR DEVICES, PALL, PHENOMENEX, and SCIEX brands. The Diagnostics segment offers clinical instruments, consumables, software, and services that hospitals, physicians' offices, reference laboratories and other critical care settings use to diagnose disease and make treatment decisions. The company was formerly known as Diversified Mortgage Investors, Inc. and changed its name to Danaher Corporation in 1984. Danaher Corporation was incorporated in 1969 and is headquartered in Washington, the District Of Columbia."}, "SYK": {"ticker": "SYK", "name": "Stryker Corporation", "sector": "healthcare", "description": "Stryker Corporation operates as a medical technology company in the United States and internationally. It operates through two segments, MedSurg and Neurotechnology, and Orthopaedics. The MedSurg and Neurotechnology segment offers surgical equipment, patient and caregiver safety technologies, navigation systems, endoscopic and communications systems, patient handling, emergency medical equipment and intensive care disposable products, clinical communication and artificial intelligence-assisted virtual care platform technology, and minimally invasive products for the treatment of acute ischemic and hemorrhagic stroke and venous thromboembolism; traditional brain and open skull based surgical procedures products; and orthobiologic and biosurgery products, including synthetic bone grafts and vertebral augmentation products. The Orthopaedics segment provides implants for use in total joint replacements, such as hip, knee and shoulder, ankle, and trauma and extremities surgeries; and Mako Shoulder, which expands the smart robotics suite of applications. The company sells its products to doctors, hospitals, and other healthcare facilities through company-owned subsidiaries and branches, as well as third-party dealers and distributors in approximately 61 countries. Stryker Corporation was founded in 1941 and is headquartered in Portage, Michigan."}, "BMY": {"ticker": "BMY", "name": "Bristol-Myers Squibb Company", "sector": "healthcare", "description": "Bristol-Myers Squibb Company discovers, develops, licenses, manufactures, markets, distributes, and sells biopharmaceutical products worldwide. It offers products for oncology, hematology, immunology, cardiovascular, neuroscience, and other areas. The company's products include Opdivo for various anti-cancer indications; Opdivo Qvantig, a subcutaneous PD-1 inhibitor for solid tumorsr; Orencia for active rheumatoid arthritis and psoriatic arthritis; Yervoy for the treatment of patients with unresectable or metastatic melanoma; Reblozyl to treat anemia; Breyanzi for the treatment of patients with relapsed or refractory large B-cell lymphoma; Opdualag for the treatment of unresectable or metastatic melanoma; and Camzyos to treat symptomatic obstructive HCM to improve functional capacity and symptom. It also offers Zeposia to treat relapsing forms of multiple sclerosis; Abecma for the treatment of patients with relapsed or refractory multiple myeloma; Sotyktu for the treatment of moderate-to-severe plaque psoriasis; Krazati for the treatment of adult patients with KRASG12C-mutated locally advanced or metastatic non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC); and Cobenfy to treat schizophrenia. In addition, it offers Eliquis for a reduction in risk of stroke/systemic embolism in non-valvular atrial fibrillation and for the treatment of DVT/PE; Revlimid, an oral immunomodulatory drug to treat multiple myeloma; Pomalyst/Imnovid for multiple myeloma; Sprycel for Philadelphia chromosome-positive chronic myeloid leukemia; and Abraxane for the treatment of breast cancer. Further, it provides Augtyro for the treatment of locally advanced or metastatic ROS1-positive NSCLC; and NSCLC and pancreatic cancer. It sells products to wholesalers, distributors, specialty pharmacies, and to a lesser extent, retailers, hospitals, clinics, and government agencies. The company was formerly known as Bristol-Myers Company. The company was founded in 1887 and is headquartered in Princeton, New Jersey."}, "VRTX": {"ticker": "VRTX", "name": "Vertex Pharmaceuticals Incorporated", "sector": "healthcare", "description": "Vertex Pharmaceuticals Incorporated operates as a biotechnology company in the United States, Europe, and internationally. The company offers transformative medicines for people with serious diseases with a focus on specialty markets, such as cystic fibrosis (CF), sickle cell disease (SCD), transfusion dependent beta thalassemia (TDT), and acute pain. It markets TRIKAFTA/KAFTRIO for people with CF with at least one F508del mutation for 2 years of age and older; ALYFTREK for the treatment for people with CF 6 years of age and older; SYMDEKO/SYMKEVI for treatment of patients with CF 6 years of age and older; ORKAMBI for CF patients 1 year or older; and KALYDECO for the treatment of patients with 1 month or older who have CF with ivacaftor. The company also develops CASGEVY for the treatment of SCD and TDT; JOURNAVX for the treatment of acute pain in adults; VX-522, a CFTR mRNA therapeutic designed to treat the underlying cause of CF, which is in Phase 1/2 clinical trial; inaxaplin for the treatment of APOL1-mediated kidney disease, which is in single Phase 2 trial; VX-264 for treating Type 1 Diabetes; VX-670 for the treatment of myotonic dystrophy type 1; and VX-407, a small molecule corrector for the treatment of autosomal dominant polycystic kidney disease. The company sells its products primarily to specialty pharmacy and distributors, wholesalers, retail pharmacies, hospitals, and clinics. Vertex Pharmaceuticals Incorporated was founded in 1989 and is headquartered in Boston, Massachusetts."}, "MDT": {"ticker": "MDT", "name": "Medtronic plc", "sector": "healthcare", "description": "Medtronic plc develops, manufactures, and sells device-based medical therapies to healthcare systems, physicians, clinicians, and patients in the United States, Ireland, and internationally. The Cardiovascular Portfolio segment offers implantable cardiac pacemakers, cardioverter defibrillators, and cardiac resynchronization therapy devices; cardiac ablation products; insertable cardiac monitor systems; TYRX products; and remote monitoring and patient-centered software. It also provides aortic valves, surgical valve replacement and repair products, endovascular stent grafts and accessories, and transcatheter pulmonary valves, and percutaneous coronary intervention products, percutaneous angioplasty balloons, and other products. The Neuroscience Portfolio segment offers medical devices and implants, biologic solutions, spinal cord stimulation and brain modulation systems, implantable drug infusion systems, and interventional products, as well as nerve ablation system under the Accurian name. The segment offers its products for spinal surgeons, neurosurgeons, neurologists, pain management specialists, anesthesiologists, orthopedic surgeons, urologists, urogynecologists, and interventional radiologists, as well as ear, nose, and throat specialists, and energy surgical instruments. The Medical Surgical Portfolio segment offers surgical stapling devices, vessel sealing instruments, wound closure and electrosurgery products, AI-powered surgical video and analytics platform, robotic-assisted surgery products, hernia mechanical devices, mesh implants, gynecology products, gastrointestinal and hepatologic diagnostics and therapies, and therapies to treat diseases and conditions, and patient monitoring and airway management products. The Diabetes Operating Unit segment provides insulin pumps and consumables, continuous glucose monitoring systems and sensors, and InPen, a smart insulin pen. Medtronic plc was founded in 1949 and is headquartered in Galway, Ireland."}, "HCA": {"ticker": "HCA", "name": "HCA Healthcare, Inc.", "sector": "healthcare", "description": "HCA Healthcare, Inc., through its subsidiaries, provides health care services in the United States. The company owns, manages, and operates hospitals, ASCs, freestanding emergency care facilities, urgent care facilities, walk-in clinics, diagnostic and imaging centers, radiation and oncology therapy centers, as well as rehabilitation and physical therapy centers, physician practices, home health agencies, hospices, outpatient physical therapy providers, home and community-based services providers, and various other facilities. Its general and acute care hospitals offer medical and surgical services, including inpatient care, intensive care, cardiac care, diagnostic services, and emergency services; and outpatient services, such as outpatient surgery, laboratory, radiology, respiratory therapy, cardiology, and physical therapy. The company was formerly known as HCA Holdings, Inc. HCA Healthcare, Inc. was founded in 1968 and is headquartered in Nashville, Tennessee."}, "MCK": {"ticker": "MCK", "name": "McKesson Corporation", "sector": "healthcare", "description": "McKesson Corporation provides healthcare services in the United States and internationally. It operates through four segments: North American Pharmaceutical, Oncology & Multispecialty, Prescription Technology Solutions, and Medical-Surgical Solutions. The company distributes branded, generic, specialty, biosimilar and over-the-counter pharmaceutical drugs, and other healthcare-related products; delivers products to retail pharmacies, hospitals, long-term care centers, clinics, and institutions; and provides logistics and distribution services for manufacturers. It also provides consulting, outsourcing, technological, and other services, as well as sells financial, operational, and clinical solutions to pharmacies; gene therapy with InspiroGene, practice consulting, and vaccine distribution services; and technology solutions, as well as research, insights, technologies, and services to improve cancer and specialty care. In addition, the company helps in solving medication access, affordability, and adherence challenges for patients by working across healthcare to connect patients, pharmacies, providers, pharmacy benefit managers, health plans, and biopharma companies. Further, it offers technology services, which includes electronic prior authorization, prescription price transparency, benefit insight, dispensing support services, patient enrollment, third-party logistics, and wholesale distribution support; medical-surgical supplies, laboratory equipment, pharmaceutical distribution, logistics, and other services to healthcare providers, including physician offices, surgery centers, and hospital reference labs, nursing homes, hospice and home health care agencies, government facilities ,and online marketplaces and retailers. McKesson Corporation was founded in 1833 and is headquartered in Irving, Texas."}, "CVS": {"ticker": "CVS", "name": "CVS Health Corporation", "sector": "healthcare", "description": "CVS Health Corporation provides health solutions in the United States. The company operates through Health Care Benefits, Health Services, and Pharmacy & Consumer Wellness segments. The Health Care Benefits segment offers traditional, voluntary, and consumer-directed health insurance products and related services, including medical, pharmacy, dental and behavioral health plans, medical management capabilities, Medicare Advantage and Medicare Supplement plans, PDPS and Medicaid health care management services. It serves employer groups, individuals, college students, part-time and hourly workers, health plans, health care providers, governmental units, government-sponsored plans, labor groups, and expatriates. The Health Services segment offers pharmacy benefit management solutions, including plan design and administration, formulary management, retail pharmacy network management, specialty and mail order pharmacy, clinical, disease management, medical spend management services, pharmacy and other administrative services. It serves employers, insurance companies, unions, government employee groups, health plans, PDPS, Medicaid managed care plans, CMS, plans offered on public health insurance, and other sponsors of health benefit plans. The Pharmacy & Consumer Wellness segment sells prescription and over-the-counter drugs, consumer health and beauty products, personal care products, and other general merchandise products. This segment also distributes prescription drugs; and provides related pharmacy consulting and other ancillary services to care facilities and other care settings. It operates online retail pharmacy websites, retail specialty pharmacy stores, compounding pharmacies and branches for infusion and enteral nutrition services. The company was formerly known as CVS Caremark Corporation and changed its name to CVS Health Corporation in September 2014. CVS Health Corporation was founded in 1963 and is headquartered in Woonsocket, Rhode Island."}, "BSX": {"ticker": "BSX", "name": "Boston Scientific Corporation", "sector": "healthcare", "description": "Boston Scientific Corporation develops, manufactures, and markets medical devices for use in various interventional medical specialties worldwide. The company operates in two segments, MedSurg and Cardiovascular. It offers devices to diagnose and treat a range of gastrointestinal conditions, such as resolution clips, biliary stent systems, stents and electrocautery enhanced delivery systems, SpyGlass, single-use scopes used for diagnostic and therapeutic procedures in the pancreaticobiliary system, in endoscopic retrograde cholangiopancreatography procedures, and single-use duodenoscopes, as well as endoluminal surgery and infection prevention products; devices to treat urological conditions, including ureteral stents, catheters, baskets, guidewires, urinary and bowel dysfunction, sheaths, balloons, single-use digital flexible ureteroscopes, holmium laser systems, penile implants, artificial urinary sphincter, laser system, and hydrogel systems; and devices to treat neurological movement disorders and manage chronic pain, such as spinal cord stimulator systems, radiofrequency ablation, and intraosseous nerve ablation and deep brain stimulation systems. The company also provides technologies for diagnosing and treating a range of diseases and abnormalities of the heart; WATCHMAN FLX, a left atrial appendage closure (LAAC) device; and implantable devices that monitor the heart and deliver electricity to treat cardiac abnormalities, such as cardioverter and cardiac resynchronization therapy defibrillators, MRI S-ICD systems, cardiac resynchronization therapy pacemakers, remote patient management systems, insertable cardiac monitor systems, and remote cardiac monitoring systems. In addition, it offers diagnosis and treatment of rate and rhythm disorders of the heart; peripheral arterial and venous diseases; and products to diagnose and treat forms of cancer. The company was incorporated in 1979 and is headquartered in Marlborough, Massachusetts."}, "REGN": {"ticker": "REGN", "name": "Regeneron Pharmaceuticals, Inc.", "sector": "healthcare", "description": "Regeneron Pharmaceuticals, Inc. discovers, invents, develops, manufactures, and commercializes medicines to treat various diseases worldwide. The company develops product candidates to treat eye, allergic and inflammatory, cardiovascular, metabolic, neurological, infectious, and rare diseases; and cancer, hematologic conditions. It also offers EYLEA injections for wet age-related macular degeneration and diabetic macular edema; myopic choroidal neovascularization; diabetic retinopathy; neovascular glaucoma; retinopathy of prematurity; Dupixent injection to treat atopic dermatitis and asthma; Libtayo injection for metastatic or locally advanced cutaneous squamous cell carcinoma; Praluent injection to treat heterozygous familial hypercholesterolemia (HoFH); and Kevzara solution for rheumatoid arthritis. It has license and collaboration agreement with Bayer for the development and commercialization of EYLEA 8 mg and EYLEA; Alnylam Pharmaceuticals, Inc. to discover, develop, and commercialize RNAi therapeutics for diseases by addressing therapeutic disease targets expressed in the eye and central nervous system; Intellia Therapeutics, Inc. to advance CRISPR/Cas9 gene-editing technology for in vivo therapeutic development for therapies focused on neurological and muscular diseases; Hansoh Pharmaceuticals Group Company Limited to acquire development and commercial rights for HS-20094, a dual GLP-1/GIP receptor; and Tessera Therapeutics, Inc. develops and commercializes TSRA-196, an investigational gene editing therapy for Alpha-1 antitrypsin deficiency. Additionally, the company has a strategic collaboration with Telix Pharmaceuticals Limited to develop and commercialize radiopharmaceutical therapies. The company was incorporated in 1988 and is based in Tarrytown, New York."}, "CI": {"ticker": "CI", "name": "The Cigna Group", "sector": "healthcare", "description": "The Cigna Group, together with its subsidiaries, provides insurance and related products and services in the United States. It operates through two segments: Evernorth Health Services and Cigna Healthcare. The Evernorth Health Services segment includes Pharmacy Benefit Services and Specialty and Care Services, offering pharmacy benefit management, drug claim adjudication, retail pharmacy network administration, benefit design consultation, drug utilization review, drug formulary management, pharmacy benefits, home delivery pharmacy, specialty pharmacy, specialty pharmaceutical distribution, and clinical programs for whole-person health outcomes. The Cigna Healthcare segment comprises U.S. Healthcare and International Health, delivering comprehensive medical and coordinated solutions such as employer medical plans, individual and family plans, behavioral health, consumer health engagement, dental, pharmacy management, stop-loss insurance, global health care, and local health care solutions, as well as health care benefits for mobile individuals and employees of multinational organizations. The company offers other operations, including corporate-owned life insurance, reinsurance, and certain run-off and non-strategic businesses. The company distributes its products and services through brokers and consultants; directly to employers, unions and other groups, or individuals; and private and public exchanges. The company was formerly known as Cigna Corporation and changed its name to The Cigna Group in February 2023. The company was founded in 1792 and is headquartered in Bloomfield, Connecticut."}, "ELV": {"ticker": "ELV", "name": "Elevance Health, Inc.", "sector": "healthcare", "description": "Elevance Health, Inc., together with its subsidiaries, operates as a health benefits company in the United States. The company operates in four segments: Health Benefits, CarelonRx, Carelon Services, and Corporate & Other. It offers a variety of health plans and services to individual, employer group risk-based and fee-based, BlueCard, Medicare, Medicaid, and FEP members; health products; a broad array of fee-based administrative managed care services; and specialty and other insurance products and services, such as stop loss, dental, vision, and supplemental health insurance benefits. The company also operates in the pharmacy services business; and markets and offers pharmacy services, including home delivery and specialty pharmacies, claims adjudication, formulary management, pharmacy networks, rebate administration, a prescription drug database, and member services, as well as infusion services and injectable therapies through ambulatory infusion centers. In addition, it provides healthcare related services and capabilities, including specialty care enablement and utilization management support for specialized clinical domains; behavioral health and comprehensive care management services; palliative care services and management; virtual care; and payment integrity, subrogation, clinical data exchange through its HealthOS platform, research and data, reporting and clinical analytics, information technology, and business process support services, as well as manages home health, post-acute institutional management, and durable medical equipment costs; and supports plans in managing home and community-based services. The company provides its services under the Anthem Blue Cross and Blue Shield, Wellpoint, and Carelon brands. The company was formerly known as Anthem, Inc. and changed its name to Elevance Health, Inc. in June 2022. Elevance Health, Inc. was incorporated in 2001 and is based in Indianapolis, Indiana."}, "COR": {"ticker": "COR", "name": "Cencora, Inc.", "sector": "healthcare", "description": "Cencora, Inc. sources and distributes pharmaceutical products in the United States and internationally. The company's U.S. Healthcare Solutions segment distributes generic and injectable pharmaceuticals, over-the-counter healthcare products, home healthcare supplies and equipment, and related services to acute care hospitals and health systems, independent and chain retail pharmacies, mail order pharmacies, medical clinics, long-term care and alternate site pharmacies, and other customers; distributes plasma and other blood products, vaccines, and other specialty pharmaceutical products; provides pharmacy management, staffing, and other consulting services; supply management software to retail and institutional healthcare providers; packaging solutions to institutional and retail healthcare providers; clinical trial support, product post-approval, and commercialization support services; data analytics, outcomes research, and other services for biotechnology and pharmaceutical manufacturers; pharmaceuticals, vaccines, parasiticides, diagnostics, micro feed ingredients, and other products to the companion animal and production animal markets; sales force services to manufacturers; and offers other services to physicians who specialize in various disease states, such as oncology, as well as to other healthcare providers, including hospitals and dialysis clinics. Its International Healthcare Solutions segment provides international pharmaceutical wholesale and related service, and global commercialization services; distributes pharmaceuticals, other healthcare products, and related services to pharmacies, doctors, health centers, and hospitals; and offers specialty transportation and logistics services for the biopharmaceutical industry. The company was formerly known as AmerisourceBergen Corporation and changed its name to Cencora, Inc. in August 2023. Cencora, Inc. was founded in 1871 and is headquartered in Conshohocken, Pennsylvania."}, "BDX": {"ticker": "BDX", "name": "Becton, Dickinson and Company", "sector": "healthcare", "description": "Becton, Dickinson and Company develops, manufactures, and sells medical supplies, devices, laboratory equipment, and diagnostic products for healthcare institutions, physicians, life science researchers, clinical laboratories, pharmaceutical industry, and the general public worldwide. It operates through Medical Essentials, Connected Care, BioPharma Systems, Interventional and Life Sciences segments. It provides peripheral intravenous (IV) and advanced peripheral catheters, central lines, acute dialysis catheters, vascular access technology, vascular care and preparation products, needle-free IV connectors and extensions sets, closed-system drug transfer devices, hazardous drug detections, hypodermic syringes and needles, anesthesia needles and trays, enteral syringes, and sharps disposal systems; IV medication safety and infusion therapy delivery systems, medication compounding workflow system, automated medication dispensing and supply management systems, informatics and analytics and pharmacy automation system, and medication inventory optimization and tracking system; hemodynamic monitoring system; and prefillable drug delivery systems. It also offers specimen and blood collection products; automated blood and tuberculosis culturing, molecular testing, and microorganism identification and drug susceptibility, as well as rapid diagnostic assays, microbiology laboratory automation products, and plated media products; and fluorescence-activated cell sorters and analyzers, antibodies and kits, reagent system, and solution for single-cell gene expression analysis, as well as clinical oncology, immunological, and transplantation diagnostic/monitoring reagents and analyzers. It provides hernia and soft tissue repair, biological and bioresorbable graft, biosurgery, and other surgical products; surgical infection prevention, peripheral intervention, and urology and critical care products. The company has a strategic collaboration with ChemoGLO for the advancement of hazardous drug contamination testing in health care settings to improve the safety of health care workers. The company was founded in 1897 and is headquartered in Franklin Lakes, New Jersey."}, "ZTS": {"ticker": "ZTS", "name": "Zoetis Inc.", "sector": "healthcare", "description": "Zoetis Inc. engages in the discovery, development, manufacture, and commercialization of medicines, vaccines, diagnostic products and services, biodevices, genetic tests, and precision animal health solutions for the animal health industry in the United States and internationally. The company commercializes products primarily across companion animals comprising dogs, cats, and horses; and species, including livestock, such as cattle, swine, poultry, fish, and sheep. It also offers parasiticides, vaccines, dermatology, anti-infectives, pain and sedation, other pharmaceutical, and animal health diagnostics. In addition, the company provides animal health diagnostics, including point-of-care diagnostic products, instruments and reagents, rapid immunoassay tests, reference laboratory kits and services, and blood glucose monitors; and other non-pharmaceutical products, which include nutritionals, as well as products and services in biodevices, genetic tests, and precision animal health. It markets its products to veterinarians, livestock producers, and pet owners. The company has collaborated with Blacksmith Medicines, Inc. to discover and develop novel antibiotics for animal health. Zoetis Inc. was incorporated in 2012 and is headquartered in Parsippany, New Jersey."}, "CAH": {"ticker": "CAH", "name": "Cardinal Health, Inc.", "sector": "healthcare", "description": "Cardinal Health, Inc. operates as a healthcare services and products company in the United States and internationally. It operates in two segments: Pharmaceutical and Specialty Solutions, and Global Medical Products and Distribution. The company provides customized solutions for hospitals, healthcare systems, pharmacies, ambulatory surgery centers, clinical laboratories, physician offices, and patients in the home. It distributes branded and generic pharmaceutical, specialty pharmaceutical, and over-the-counter healthcare and consumer products. The company also provides services to pharmaceutical manufacturers and healthcare providers for specialty pharmaceutical products; pharmacy management services to hospitals; operates pharmacies, including pharmacies in community health centers; and repackages generic pharmaceuticals and over-the-counter healthcare products. In addition, it manufactures, sources, and distributes Cardinal Health branded medical, surgical, and laboratory products and devices that include exam and surgical gloves; needles, syringe, and sharps disposals; compression, incontinence, nutritional delivery, and wound care products; single-use surgical drapes, gowns, and apparel products; fluid suction and collection systems; urology products; operating room supply products; and electrode product lines. Further, the company distributes a range of national brand products, including medical, surgical, and laboratory products; provides supply chain services and solutions to hospitals, ambulatory surgery centers, clinical laboratories, and other healthcare providers; and assembles and sells sterile and non-sterile procedure kits. Additionally, it manufactures, prepares, and delivers radiopharmaceuticals; and optimizes direct shipments through integrated technology solutions. The company was incorporated in 1979 and is headquartered in Dublin, Ohio."}, "EW": {"ticker": "EW", "name": "Edwards Lifesciences Corporation", "sector": "healthcare", "description": "Edwards Lifesciences Corporation provides products and technologies to treat advanced cardiovascular diseases in the United States, Europe, Japan, and internationally. It offers transcatheter heart valve replacement products for minimally invasive replacement of aortic heart valves under the Edwards SAPIEN family of valves system; and transcatheter heart valve repair and replacement products to treat mitral and tricuspid valve diseases under the PASCAL and EVOQUE brands. The company also provides surgical structural heart solutions, such as aortic surgical valve under the INSPIRIS brand name; INSPIRIS RESILIA aortic valve, which offers RESILIA tissue and VFit technology; KONECT RESILIA, a pre-assembled tissue valve conduit for complex combined procedures; and MITRIS RESILIA valve. It distributes its products through a direct sales force and independent distributors. Edwards Lifesciences Corporation was founded in 1958 and is headquartered in Irvine, California."}, "IDXX": {"ticker": "IDXX", "name": "IDEXX Laboratories, Inc.", "sector": "healthcare", "description": "IDEXX Laboratories, Inc. develops, manufactures, and distributes products for the companion animal veterinary, livestock and poultry, dairy, and water testing industries in the United States and internationally. It operates through three segments: Companion Animal Group; Water Quality Products; and Livestock, Poultry and Dairy. The company offers point-of-care diagnostic solutions, blood and urine chemistry, hematology, immunoassay, urinalysis, cytology/morphology, and coagulation analyzers; and SNAP rapid assays test kits. It also provides commercial reference laboratory diagnostic and consulting services to veterinarians; veterinary consultation, telemedicine, and advisory services, including radiology, dental radiography, cardiology, internal medicine, and ultrasound consulting; Colilert, Colilert-18, and Colisure tests, which detect the presence of total coliforms and E. coli in water; Enterolert, Pseudalert, Filta-Max and Filta-Max xpress, Legiolert, Quanti-Tray products, and Tecta system instruments; UV Viewer Plus, a UV light cabinet which aids in  the visual interpretation of fluorescent-based water tests; and veterinary software and services for independent veterinary clinics and corporate groups. In addition, the company offers diagnostic tests, services, and related instrumentation to manage the health status of livestock and poultry; human medical diagnostic products and services; and VetConnect PLUS, a cloud-based technology that enables veterinarians to access and analyze patients, as well as operates VetLab Station. It markets its products through marketing, customer service, sales, and technical service groups, as well as through independent distributors and other resellers. IDEXX Laboratories, Inc. was incorporated in 1983 and is headquartered in Westbrook, Maine."}, "ALNY": {"ticker": "ALNY", "name": "Alnylam Pharmaceuticals, Inc.", "sector": "healthcare", "description": "Alnylam Pharmaceuticals, Inc. discovers, develops, manufactures, and commercializes therapeutics based on ribonucleic acid interference in the United States, Europe, and internationally. The company offers ONPATTRO for hereditary transthyretin-mediated (hATTR) amyloidosis; AMVUTTRA for ATTR and hATTR amyloidosis; Leqvio for hypercholesterolemia; Qfitlia for hemophilia A or B; GIVLAARI for acute hepatic porphyria; and OXLUMO for primary hyperoxaluria type 1. It also develops a range of products in Phase 3 trial, such as Nucresiran for ATTR amyloidosis; Zilebesiran for hypertension; Cemdisiran for myasthenia gravis, paroxysmal nocturnal hemoglobinuria, and geographic atrophy; and Elebsiran for hepatitis D virus infections. In addition, the company is developing various products in Phase 2 trial, including Rapirosiran for metabolic dysfunction-associated steatohepatitis; ALN-ANG3 for diabetic kidney disease; ALN-4324 for type 2 diabetes mellitus; Mivelsiran for cerebral amyloid angiopathy, as well as in Phase 1 trial for Alzheimer's disease; and ALN-6400 for bleeding disorders. Further, it develops a range of products in Phase 1 trial, such as ALN-2232 for obesity and weight management; ALN-PNP for non-alcoholic fatty liver disease; ALN-APOC3 for dyslipidemia; ALN-CIDEB for metabolic dysfunction-associated steatohepatitis; ALN-HTT02 for Huntington's disease; ALN-5288 for Alzheimer's disease; ALN-SOD for SOD1 amyotrophic lateral sclerosis; ALN-SNCA for Parkinson's disease; AG-236 for polycythemia vera; ALN-CFB for paroxysmal nocturnal hemoglobinuria; ALN-BCAT for hepatocellular carcinoma; and ALN-4285, ALN-4915, and ALN-F1202 for healthy volunteers. The company has collaborations with Regeneron Pharmaceuticals, Inc.; Roche Holding AG; Sanofi S.A.; Novartis AG; PeptiDream, Inc; Dicerna Pharmaceuticals, Inc.; and Ionis Pharmaceuticals, Inc. Alnylam Pharmaceuticals, Inc. was founded in 2002 and is headquartered in Cambridge, Massachusetts."}, "A": {"ticker": "A", "name": "Agilent Technologies, Inc.", "sector": "healthcare", "description": "Agilent Technologies, Inc. provides application focused solutions to the life sciences, diagnostics, and applied chemical markets worldwide. The company operates through three segments: Life Sciences and Diagnostics Markets, Agilent CrossLab, and Applied Markets. The Life Sciences and Diagnostics Markets segment offers liquid chromatography systems and components; and liquid chromatography mass spectrometry systems. This segment is also involved in the genomics, contract development and manufacturing organization, pathology, companion diagnostics, and biomolecular analysis businesses. The Agilent CrossLab segment provides various services, including repairs, parts, maintenance, installations, training, compliance support, software as a service, asset management, consulting, and other custom services. This segment also offers consumables, including gas chromatography and liquid chromatography columns, sample preparation products, custom chemistries, and various laboratory supplies; software and informatics solutions comprising software for instrument control, data acquisition, data analysis, secure storage of results, and laboratory information and workflow management; and OpenLab laboratory software, an open software platform that enables customers to capture, analyze, and share scientific data throughout the lab and across the enterprise. In addition, it provides automated sample preparation solutions, such as liquid handling, plate management, consumables, and scheduling software. The Applied Markets segment offers products in the areas of gas chromatography, mass spectrometry, spectroscopy, vacuum technology, and remarketed instruments. It markets its products through direct sales, distributors, resellers, manufacturer's representatives, and electronic commerce. Agilent Technologies, Inc. was incorporated in 1999 and is headquartered in Santa Clara, California."}, "RMD": {"ticker": "RMD", "name": "ResMed Inc.", "sector": "healthcare", "description": "ResMed Inc. develops, manufactures, distributes, and markets medical devices and cloud-based software applications to diagnose, treat, and manage respiratory disorders in the United States and internationally. The company operates in two segments, Sleep and Breathing Health, and Residential Care Software. It offers sleep recorders for the diagnosis and titration of sleep apnea in sleep clinics, hospitals, and at home, including ApneaLink Air, a portable diagnostic device that measures oximetry, respiratory effort, pulse, nasal flow, and snoring; NightOwl, a portable, cloud-connected, and disposable diagnostic device that measures AHI based on derived peripheral arterial tone, actigraphy, and oximetry; and EasyCare Tx, a sleep lab solution. The company also provides AirView, a cloud-based system that enables remote monitoring and changing of patients' device settings; myAir, a personalized therapy management application for patients with sleep apnea that provides support, education, and troubleshooting tools for increased patient engagement and improved compliance; and connectivity module which provides a cellular connection between compatible ventilation devices and AirView system. In addition, the company offers Brightree solutions which are solutions and services for organizations in home medical equipment and pharmacy, orthotic and prosthetic, and home infusion; HEALTHCAREfirst solutions that offers electronic health record, software, billing and coding services, and advanced analytics that enables home health and hospice agencies to optimize clinical, financial and administrative processes; MatrixCare EHR software as a service solutions used by skilled nursing and senior living providers, life plan communities, and home health and hospice sectors; and MEDIFOX DAN software solutions that is used by residential care providers, such as home health and nursing home providers. ResMed Inc. was founded in 1989 and is headquartered in San Diego, California."}, "WAT": {"ticker": "WAT", "name": "Waters Corporation", "sector": "healthcare", "description": "Waters Corporation provides analytical workflow solutions in Asia, the Americas, and Europe. The company operates through two segments, Waters and TA. The company designs, manufactures, sells, and services liquid chromatography, as well as mass spectrometry (MS) technology systems and supports products, including chromatography columns, and other consumable products. It also designs, manufactures, sells, and services thermal analysis, rheometry, and calorimetry instruments for use in predicting the suitability and stability of fine chemicals, pharmaceuticals, water, polymers, metals, and viscous liquids for various industrial, consumer goods, and healthcare products, as well as for life science research; and develops and supplies software-based products that interface with its instruments, as well as other manufacturers' instruments. In addition, the company offers MS technology, which is used in drug discovery and development comprising clinical trial testing, the analysis of proteins in disease processes, nutritional safety analysis, and environmental testing. Its products are used by clinical, pharmaceutical, biochemical, industrial, nutritional safety, environmental, academic, and governmental customers working in research and development, quality assurance, and other laboratory applications. The company was founded in 1958 and is headquartered in Milford, Massachusetts."}, "INSM": {"ticker": "INSM", "name": "Insmed Incorporated", "sector": "healthcare", "description": "Insmed Incorporated develops and commercializes therapies for patients with serious and rare diseases in the United States, Europe, Japan, and internationally. The company offers ARIKAYCE for the treatment of refractory nontuberculous mycobacterial lung infections, as well as is in phase 3 clinical trial for the treatment of mycobacterium avium complex lung disease as part of a combination antibacterial drug regimen for adult patients. It also develops brensocatib, an oral reversible inhibitor of dipeptidyl peptidase 1(DPP1) that is in phase 3 clinical trial for the treatment of bronchiectasis; and in phase 2 clinical trial for the treatment of chronic rhinosinusitis without nasal polyps and hidradenitis suppurativa. In addition, the company is developing treprostinil palmitil inhalation powder, an inhaled formulation of a treprostinil prodrug treprostinil palmitil, which is in phase 3 clinical trial for the treatment of pulmonary hypertension associated with interstitial lung disease; and phase 2 clinical trial for the treatment of pulmonary arterial hypertension. Further, it develops INS1201, a microdystrophin adeno-associated virus gene replacement therapy which is in phase 1 clinical trial for the treatment of Duchenne muscular dystrophy, as well as it is also developing pre-clinical research programs for gene therapy, AI-driven protein engineering, protein manufacturing, RNA end-joining, and synthetic rescue. In addition, it provides INS1148, monoclonal antibody targeting stem cell factor called SCF248 that is in phase-2 clinical trial for the treatment of interstitial lung disease, and asthma; and INS1202, an intrathecally delivered gene therapy which is in phase 1 of clinical trial for the treatment of amyotrophic lateral sclerosis.  The company was founded in 1988 and is headquartered in Bridgewater, New Jersey."}, "RVMD": {"ticker": "RVMD", "name": "Revolution Medicines, Inc.", "sector": "healthcare", "description": "Revolution Medicines, Inc., a clinical-stage precision oncology company, develops novel targeted therapies for RAS-addicted cancers. The company's research and development pipeline consist of RAS(ON) inhibitors that binds RAS variants to be used as monotherapy in combination with other RAS(ON) inhibitors and/or in combination with RAS companion inhibitors or other therapeutic agents, and RAS companion inhibitors to suppress cooperating targets and pathways that sustain RAS-addicted cancers. Its RAS(ON) inhibitors include daraxonrasib (RMC-6236), elironrasib G12C (RMC-6291) which is in early clinical development for the treatment of solid tumors, and zoldonrasib G12D (RMC-9805), which are in phase 3 registrational trial evaluating the combination of daraxonrasib with zoldonrasib in patients with 1L PDAC; and development candidates comprise RMC-5127 (G12V) which is in clinical trial, RMC-0708 (Q61H), that is in clinical trial; and RMC-8839 (G13C). Revolution Medicines, Inc. was incorporated in 2014 and is headquartered in Redwood City, California."}, "IQV": {"ticker": "IQV", "name": "IQVIA Holdings Inc.", "sector": "healthcare", "description": "IQVIA Holdings Inc. provides clinical research services, commercial insights, and healthcare intelligence to the life sciences and healthcare industries in the Americas, Europe, Africa, and the Asia-Pacific. It operates through three segments: Technology & Analytics Solutions, Research & Development Solutions, and Contract Sales & Medical Solutions. The Technology & Analytics Solutions segment offers a range of cloud-based applications and associated implementation services; real world solutions that enable life sciences and provider customers to generate and disseminate evidence, which informs health care decision making and improves patients' outcomes; and strategic and implementation consulting services, such as advanced analytics and commercial processes outsourcing services. This segment also provides country level performance metrics related to sales of pharmaceutical products, prescribing trends, medical treatment, and promotional activity across various channels, including retail, hospital, and mail order; and measurement of sales or prescribing activity at the regional, zip code, and individual prescriber level. The Research & Development Solutions segment offers project management and clinical monitoring; clinical trial support; strategic planning and design services; and patient and site centric solutions, as well as central laboratory, genomic, bioanalytical, ADME, discovery, vaccine and biomarker laboratory services. The Contract Sales & Medical Solutions segment provides health care provider and patient engagement services, and scientific strategy and medical services. It serves pharmaceutical, biotechnology, device and diagnostic, and consumer health companies. The company has a strategic collaboration with Kexing Biopharm Co., Ltd. for biosimilar development. The company was formerly known as Quintiles IMS Holdings, Inc. and changed its name to IQVIA Holdings Inc. in November 2017. IQVIA Holdings Inc. is based in Durham, North Carolina."}, "NTRA": {"ticker": "NTRA", "name": "Natera, Inc.", "sector": "healthcare", "description": "Natera, Inc., a diagnostics company, engages in the development and commercialization of molecular testing services worldwide. It offers Signatera, a personalized ctDNA blood test for MRD assessment, early recurrence monitoring, and evaluation of treatment response in patients previously diagnosed with cancer; Latitude, a blood-based MRD test for colorectal cancer; Altera, a tissue based comprehensive genomic profiling test; and Empower, a hereditary cancer screening test. The company also provides Panorama, a non-invasive prenatal test; Horizon, a carrier screening test; Fetal Focus, a single-gene NIPT, or sgNIPT, that screens for 21 single-gene inherited conditions; and Vistara, a single-gene NIPT, which screens for 25 single-gene conditions. In addition, it offers Anora, which tests and analyzes miscarriage tissue from women who have experienced one or more pregnancy losses; Empower, a hereditary cancer screening test; Prospera, a test to assess active rejection in patients who have undergone solid organ transplantation; Renasight, a kidney gene panel test; and Constellation software, a cloud-based distribution model. Further, the company provides NateraCore, a platform to support the patient and provider experience; phlebotomy services; and EMR integration services. The company serves independent laboratories, national and regional reference laboratories, medical centers and physician practices for its screening tests, research laboratories, and pharmaceutical companies through its direct sales force and laboratory distribution partners, as well as Constellation licensees under its cloud-based distribution model. It has a partnership agreement with BGI Genomics Co., Ltd. to develop, manufacture, and commercialize NGS-based genetic testing assays for clinical and commercial use. The company has a collaboration with Diakonos Oncology Corp. to assess molecular response in patients with refractory melanoma. The company was formerly known as Gene Security Network, LLC and changed its name to Natera, Inc. in January 2012. Natera, Inc. was founded in 2003 and is headquartered in Austin, Texas."}, "VEEV": {"ticker": "VEEV", "name": "Veeva Systems Inc.", "sector": "healthcare", "description": "Veeva Systems Inc. provides cloud-based software for the life sciences industry in North America, Europe, the Asia Pacific, the Middle East, Africa, and Latin America. The company offers Veeva Commercial Cloud comprising Veeva Vault CRM Suite for pharmaceutical and biotechnology companies; Veeva Medical that provides source of medical content across multiple channels and geographies; Veeva PromoMats, an end-to-end content and digital asset management solution; and Veeva Crossix, an analytics platform for pharmaceutical brands. It also provides Veeva Data Cloud, such as Veeva OpenData, a customer reference data solution; Veeva Link, which provides deep data; Veeva Compass, which includes de-identified and longitudinal patient data; and Veeva CRM Pulse that provides access and multichannel engagement metrics. In addition, the company offers Veeva Development Cloud consisting of Veeva Clinical Platform, which advances clinical trial execution; Veeva Clinical Data Management that helps sponsors and CROs design and run trials; Veeva Safety, which unifies systems and processes; Veeva RIM that provides regulatory information management capabilities, as well as Veeva Quality Cloud, which is used by the life sciences and consumer products industries; and Veeva Business Consulting services. Further, it provides professional and support services, including implementation and deployment planning, and project management; requirements analysis, solution design, and configuration; systems environment management and deployment; services focused on advancing or transforming business and operating processes; technical consulting services on data migration and systems integrations; training; and ongoing managed services, such as outsourced systems administration. The company was formerly known as Verticals onDemand, Inc. and changed its name to Veeva Systems Inc. in April 2009. Veeva Systems Inc. was incorporated in 2007 and is headquartered in Pleasanton, California."}, "MTD": {"ticker": "MTD", "name": "Mettler-Toledo International Inc.", "sector": "healthcare", "description": "Mettler-Toledo International Inc. manufactures and supplies precision instruments and services in the Americas, Europe, Asia, and internationally. It operates through five segments: U.S. Operations, Swiss Operations, Western European Operations, Chinese Operations, and Other Operations. The company offers laboratory instruments, such as laboratory balances, liquid pipetting solutions, real-time analytics, titrators, pH meters, process analytics sensors and analyzer technologies, density and refractometry instruments, and thermal analysis systems; and other analytical instruments, including UV/VIS spectrophotometers, moisture analyzers, and cell counters, as well as LabX, a laboratory software platform to manage and analyze data generated by its instruments and automate workflows. It also provides industrial instruments comprising industrial weighing instruments and related terminals, automatic dimensional measurement and data capture solutions, vehicle scale systems, industrial software, metal detectors, x-ray systems, checkweighers, and camera-based imaging equipment. In addition, the company offers retail weighing solutions consisting of weighing and software solutions, AI-driven image recognition solutions for fresh goods, and automated packaging and labeling solutions for the meat backroom. The company serves pharmaceutical and biotech companies, independent research organizations, and testing labs; food manufacturers and retailers; chemical, specialty chemicals, and cosmetics companies; transportation and logistics, metals, and electronics industries; and academic community through its direct sales force and indirect distribution channels. Mettler-Toledo International Inc. was incorporated in 1991 and is headquartered in Greifensee, Switzerland."}, "BIIB": {"ticker": "BIIB", "name": "Biogen Inc.", "sector": "healthcare", "description": "Biogen Inc. discovers, develops, manufactures, and delivers therapies in the United States, Europe, Germany, Asia, and internationally. The company provides TECFIDERA, VUMERITY, AVONEX, PLEGRIDY, and TYSABRI for multiple sclerosis (MS); SPINRAZA for spinal muscular atrophy; SKYCLARYS to treat Friedreich's Ataxia; QALSODY for treating amyotrophic lateral sclerosis; FUMADERM to treat plaque psoriasis; BENEPALI, an etanercept biosimilar referencing ENBREL; IMRALDI, an adalimumab biosimilar referencing HUMIRA; FLIXABI, an infliximab biosimilar referencing REMICADE. It offers LEQEMBI for the treatment of Alzheimer's disease; ZURZUVAE for the treatment of postpartum depression; RITUXAN to treat non-Hodgkin's lymphoma, chronic lymphocytic leukemia (CLL), rheumatoid arthritis, two forms of ANCA-associated vasculitis, and pemphigus vulgaris; RITUXAN HYCELA for non-Hodgkin's lymphoma and CLL; GAZYVA to treat CLL and follicular lymphoma; OCREVUS for relapsing MS and primary progressive MS; LUNSUMIO to treat relapsed or refractory follicular lymphoma; glofitamab for aRelapsed or refractory diffuse large B-cell lymphoma; and other anti-CD20 therapies. Biogen Inc. has collaboration and license agreements with Merz Therapeutics; Alkermes Pharma Ireland Limited; Denali Therapeutics Inc.; UCB; Eisai Co., Ltd.; Genentech, Inc.; Neurimmune SubOne AG; Ionis Pharmaceuticals, Inc.; Samsung Bioepis; and Sage Therapeutics, Inc., as well as collaborations with Stoke Therapeutics, Inc. for the development and commercialization of zorevunersen, a disease modifying medicine for the treatment of Dravet syndrome; Dayra Therapeutics, Inc. to develop oral macrocyclic peptides; Vanqua Bio, Inc. for developing Vanqua's preclinical oral C5aR1 antagonist compound; City Therapeutics, Inc. to develop select novel RNAi therapies; and ALTEOGEN Inc. to develop subcutaneous (SC) formulations of biologics utilizing ALT-B4. The company was founded in 1978 and is headquartered in Cambridge, Massachusetts."}, "UTHR": {"ticker": "UTHR", "name": "United Therapeutics Corporation", "sector": "healthcare", "description": "United Therapeutics Corporation engages in the development and commercialization of products to address the unmet medical needs of patients with chronic and life-threatening diseases in the United States and internationally. It offers Tyvaso DPI, an inhaled dry powder via pre-filled and single-use cartridges; Nebulized Tyvaso, an inhaled solution via ultrasonic nebulizer; Remodulin (treprostinil) injection to treat patients with pulmonary arterial hypertension to diminish symptoms associated with exercise; Orenitram, a tablet dosage form of treprostinil, to delay disease progression and improve exercise capacity in PAH patients; and Adcirca, an oral PDE-5 inhibitor to enhance the exercise ability in PAH patients. It also markets and sells Unituxin (dinutuximab) injection, a monoclonal antibody for high-risk neuroblastoma; and Remunity Pump, which contains a pump and separate controller for Remodulin. In addition, it is involved in developing RemunityPRO Pump and Ralinepag for the treatment of PAH;and Nebulized Tyvaso, for the treatment of idiopathic pulmonary fibrosis, as well as xenografts, which are development-stage organ products. Further, it provides preclinical products, including EVLP/CLES, for lung transplant; UKidney, UHeart, UThymoKidney, a development-stage gene-edited porcine kidneys and hearts for xenotransplantation; ULobe, for allogeneic regenerative medicine; ULung, for autologous regenerative medicine; IVIVA Kidney, for autologous regenerative medicine; miroliver, for allogeneic regenerative medicine; and mirokidney, for allogeneic regenerative medicine. It has licensing and collaboration agreements with DEKA Research & Development Corp. to develop a semi-disposable system for the subcutaneous delivery of treprostinil; MannKind Corporation to develop and license treprostinil inhalation powder and the Dreamboat device; and Arena Pharmaceuticals, Inc. to develop Ralinepag. The company was founded in 1996 and is headquartered in Silver Spring, Maryland."}, "HUM": {"ticker": "HUM", "name": "Humana Inc.", "sector": "healthcare", "description": "Humana Inc. provides medical and specialty insurance products in the United States. It operates in two segments, Insurance and CenterWell. The Insurance segment offers individual Medicare Advantage products, including health insurance benefits, including wellness programs, chronic care management, and care coordination; individual Medicare stand-alone prescription drug products (PDP); group Medicare advantage and Medicare stand-alone PDP; Medicare supplements; specialty and ancillary insurance comprising dental, vision, life and disability; and administrative services to arrange health care services for active-duty and retired military personnel and dependents, as well as pharmacy benefit managers. Its CenterWell segment operates full-service, value-based senior focused primary care centers under the Conviva Senior Primary Care and CenterWell Senior Primary Care brands; a management services organization; CenterWell Home Health, a home health provider; and OneHome, which manages post-acute patient needs, as well as provides pharmacy and hospice solutions. The company was formerly known as Extendicare Inc. and changed its name to Humana Inc. in April 1974. Humana Inc. was founded in 1961 and is headquartered in Louisville, Kentucky."}, "DXCM": {"ticker": "DXCM", "name": "DexCom, Inc.", "sector": "healthcare", "description": "DexCom, Inc., a medical device company, focuses on the design, development, and commercialization of continuous glucose monitoring (CGM) systems for the management of diabetes and metabolic health in the United States and internationally. The company offers Dexcom G7 and G7 15 Day, an integrated continuous glucose monitoring system; Dexcom G6, a CGM system; Dexcom ONE+ to replace fingerstick blood glucose testing for diabetes treatment decisions; Stelo, a biosensor designed for adults with prediabetes and Type 2 diabetes who do not use insulin; Dexcom Share, a remote monitoring system; and Dexcom Follow application. It markets its products directly to endocrinologists, physicians, and diabetes educators. The company was incorporated in 1999 and is headquartered in San Diego, California."}, "LH": {"ticker": "LH", "name": "Labcorp Holdings Inc.", "sector": "healthcare", "description": "Labcorp Holdings Inc. provides laboratory services. It operates through two segments, Diagnostics Laboratories and Biopharma Laboratory Services. The company offers various tests, such as blood chemistry analyses, urinalyses, blood cell counts, thyroid tests, PAP tests, hemoglobin A1C, PSA, tests for sexually transmitted diseases, vitamin D testing, microbiology cultures and procedures, and alcohol and other substance abuse tests. It also provides specialty testing services comprising gene-based and esoteric testing; advanced tests target specific diseases; services related to anatomic pathology/oncology, cardiovascular disease, coagulation, diagnostic genetics, endocrinology, infectious disease, women's health, pharmacogenetics, parentage and donor testing, occupational testing services, medical drug monitoring services, chronic disease programs, and kidney stone prevention tests; and health and wellness services to employers and managed care organizations. In addition, the company offers digital pathology solutions, a pathology platforms that support the digitization, centralized review, and sharing of pathology slides; provider and payer digital platforms, an online applications for providers, MCOs, and ACOs; online and mobile applications that enable patients to check offerings, schedule PSC visits, check-in upon PSC arrival, complete documentation, access tests and test results, and manage their accounts; and Generative AI-enabled Test Selection, a generative AI-enabled tool. It serves clients, third party, medicare/medicaid, patients, pharmaceutical, biotechnology, medical device, diagnostic companies, and CROs. The company has a strategic collaboration with the Children's Hospital of Philadelphia to accelerate the discovery, development, and availability of pediatric diagnostics. It also has a collaboration with Alliance for Clinical Trials in Oncology to advance national clinical trial for patients diagnosed with colorectal cancer. The company was founded in 1995 and is headquartered in Burlington, North Carolina."}, "STE": {"ticker": "STE", "name": "STERIS plc", "sector": "healthcare", "description": "STERIS plc provides infection prevention products and services worldwide. It operates in three segments: Healthcare, Applied Sterilization Technologies (AST), and Life Sciences. The Healthcare segment offers cleaning chemistries and sterility assurance products; automated endoscope reprocessing system and tracking products; endoscopy accessories, washers, sterilizers, and other pieces of capital equipment for the operation of a sterile processing department; and equipment used directly in procedure rooms, including surgical tables, lights, and connectivity solutions, as well as equipment management services. It also provides capital equipment installation, maintenance, upgradation, repair, and troubleshooting services; preventive maintenance programs and repair services; instrument, devices, and endoscope repair and maintenance services; and custom process improvement consulting and outsourced instrument sterile processing services. The AST segment provides contract sterilization and testing services for medical device and pharmaceutical manufacturers through a network of contract sterilization and laboratory facilities, as well as integrated sterilization equipment and control systems to medical device manufacturers and research institutions. The Life Sciences segment designs, manufactures, and sells consumable products, such as pharmaceutical detergents, cleanroom disinfectants and sterilants, pharmaceutical grade and research sterilizers and washers, sterility assurance and maintenance products, vaporized hydrogen peroxide room decontamination systems and sterilizers, and high purity water and pure steam generators. This segment also offers equipment installation, maintenance, upgradation, repair, and troubleshooting services; and preventive maintenance programs and repair services. It serves its products and services to hospitals, other healthcare providers, and pharmaceutical manufacturers. The company was founded in 1985 and is headquartered in Mentor, Ohio."}, "DGX": {"ticker": "DGX", "name": "Quest Diagnostics Incorporated", "sector": "healthcare", "description": "Quest Diagnostics Incorporated provides diagnostic testing and services in the United States. The company develops and delivers diagnostic information services, such as routine, non-routine and advanced clinical testing, anatomic pathology testing, and other diagnostic information services. It also provides services under the Quest Diagnostics brand, as well as under the AmeriPath, Dermpath Diagnostics, ExamOne, and Quanum brands to physicians, hospitals, patients and consumers, health plans, government agencies, employers, retailers, pharmaceutical companies and insurers commercial clinical laboratories, and accountable care organizations through a network of laboratories, patient service centers, phlebotomists in physician offices, call centers and mobile phlebotomists, nurses, and other health and wellness professionals. In addition, the company offers risk assessment services for the life insurance industry; healthcare IT healthcare providers and payers; testing and medical director services at hospital laboratories; test offerings in cardiometabolic and endocrine; cancer; clinical drug monitoring and toxicology; infectious disease, including autoimmune; neurology diagnostics, including Alzheimer's disease; and women's health, such as prenatal genetic; workplace drug testing, testing urine, hair, and oral fluid specimens services; and employer population health services, including biometric screenings, flu shots, and related preventative services. Further, it provides population health solutions; extended care services; develops in vitro diagnostic tests; laboratory diagnostic information and digital health connectivity systems; underwriting support services, including data gathering, paramedical examinations, and clinical laboratory testing and analytics; and national specimen collection and health data solutions. Quest Diagnostics Incorporated was founded in 1967 and is headquartered in Secaucus, New Jersey."}, "CAT": {"ticker": "CAT", "name": "Caterpillar Inc.", "sector": "industrials", "description": "Caterpillar Inc. provides construction and mining equipment, off-highway diesel and natural gas engines, industrial gas turbines, and diesel-electric locomotives in the United States and internationally. The Construction Industries segment offers asphalt pavers, cold planers, compactors, forestry machines, material handlers, motor graders, pipelayers, road reclaimers, telehandlers, track-type tractors, and track and wheel excavators; backhoe, compact track, skid steer, track-type, and wheel loaders; and related parts and work tools. Its Resource Industries segment provides electric rope and hydraulic shovels, draglines, rotary drills, hard rock vehicles, mining trucks, wheel loaders, off-highway and articulated trucks, wide-body trucks, wheel tractor scrapers and dozers, and landfill and soil compactors; machinery components, and wear and maintenance components; and technology products and services for fleet management, equipment management analytics, autonomous machine capabilities, safety services, and mining performance solutions. The Energy & Transportation segment offers reciprocating engine powered generator sets; reciprocating engines, drivetrain, and integrated systems and solutions; centrifugal gas compressors and related services; and diesel-electric locomotive components, and other rail-related products. Its Financial Products segment provides operating and finance leases, revolving charge accounts, installment sale contracts, repair/rebuild financing, working capital loans, and wholesale financing; and insurance and risk management products and services. The All Other segment offers parts distribution; logistics and distribution services; electronics and control systems; dealer portfolio management; brand management and marketing strategy; and digital investment services. It also provides mining software solutions. The company was formerly known as Caterpillar Tractor Co. Caterpillar Inc. was incorporated in 1925 and is headquartered in Irving, Texas."}, "GE": {"ticker": "GE", "name": "GE Aerospace", "sector": "industrials", "description": "General Electric Company, doing business as GE Aerospace, designs and produces commercial and defense aircraft engines, integrated engine components, electric power, and aircraft systems. The company operates through two segments, Commercial Engines & Services, and Defense & Propulsion Technologies. The Commercial Engines & Services segment designs, develops, manufactures, maintenance, repair, and overhaul (MRO) services of jet engines and sale of spare parts for commercial airframes, business aviation, and aeroderivative applications. The Defense & Propulsion Technologies designs, develops, manufactures, and services jet engines and avionics and power systems for governments, militaries, and commercial airframers, as well as MRO of engines and the sale of spare parts. This segment also offers aircraft components and systems, such as small turboprop engines, aeroengine mechanical transmissions, turbines, combustors and controls, additive manufacturing, propeller systems, ignition systems, sensors and engine accessories for fixed wing and rotorcraft applications for commercial and military end users under the Avio Aero, Unison, Dowty Propellers, and Colibrium Additive brands. The company operates in the United States, Europe, Asia, the Americas, the Middle East, and Africa. General Electric Company was incorporated in 1892 and is based in Evendale, Ohio."}, "RTX": {"ticker": "RTX", "name": "RTX Corporation", "sector": "industrials", "description": "RTX Corporation, an aerospace and defense company, provides systems and services for commercial, military, and government customers worldwide. It operates through three segments: Collins Aerospace (Collins), Pratt & Whitney, and Raytheon. The Collins segment offers aerospace and defense products, and aftermarket services for civil and military aircraft manufacturers and commercial airlines, as well as regional, business, and general aviation, defense, and commercial space operations. This segment designs, manufactures, and supplies electric power generation and management and distribution, environmental control, flight control, air data and aircraft sensing, engine control, and engine nacelle systems, as well as engine components; cabin interiors, including seating, oxygen, food and beverage preparation, storage and galley, lavatory, and wastewater management systems; connected aviation solutions and services; and systems solutions for connected battlespace, test and training range systems, crew escape systems, and simulation and training. It also provides spare parts, overhaul and repair, engineering and technical support, training and fleet management solutions, and asset and information management services. The Pratt & Whitney segment supplies aircraft engines for commercial, military, business jet, and general aviation customers; and produces, sells, and services military and commercial auxiliary power units, as well as offers fleet management and aftermarket maintenance, repair, and overhaul services. The Raytheon segment provides defensive and offensive threat detection, tracking, and mitigation capabilities for government and commercial customers. This segment offers sensors, mission orchestration and satellite control products, and software. The company was formerly known as Raytheon Technologies Corporation and changed its name to RTX Corporation in July 2023. RTX Corporation was incorporated in 1934 and is headquartered in Arlington, Virginia."}, "BA": {"ticker": "BA", "name": "The Boeing Company", "sector": "industrials", "description": "The Boeing Company, together with its subsidiaries, designs, develops, manufactures, sells, services, and supports commercial jetliners, military aircraft, satellites, missile defense, human space flight and launch systems, and services worldwide. The company operates through three segments: Commercial Airplanes; Defense, Space & Security; and Global Services. The Commercial Airplanes segment develops, produces, and markets commercial jet aircraft for passenger and cargo requirements. The Defense, Space & Security segment engages in the research, development, production, and modification of manned and unmanned military aircraft and weapons systems; strategic defense and intelligence systems, which include strategic missile and defense systems, command, control, communications, computers, intelligence, surveillance and reconnaissance, cyber and information solutions, and intelligence systems; and satellite systems, such as government and commercial satellites, and space exploration. The Global Services segment offers products and services, including supply chain and logistics management, engineering, maintenance and modifications, upgrades and conversions, spare parts, pilot and maintenance training systems and services, technical and maintenance documents, and data analytics and digital services to commercial and defense customers. The Boeing Company was incorporated in 1916 and is based in Arlington, Virginia."}, "DE": {"ticker": "DE", "name": "Deere & Company", "sector": "industrials", "description": "Deere & Company engages in the manufacture and distribution of various equipment worldwide. The company operates through four segments: Production and Precision Agriculture, Small Agriculture and Turf, Construction and Forestry, and Financial Services. The Production and Precision Agriculture segment provides four-wheel-drive track and row crop tractors, harvesters, cotton pickers and strippers, sugarcane harvesters and loaders, soil preparation, tillage, seeding, and crop care equipment, as well as application equipment, including sprayers and nutrient management, soil preparation machinery, and related attachments and service parts. The Small Agriculture and Turf segment offers specialty, utility, and compact tractors; self-propelled forage harvesters and attachments; rotary mowers, hay and forage equipment, and utility vehicles; turf and utility equipment, including riding lawn, commercial mowing, and golf course equipment, and utility vehicles, as well as implements for mowing, tilling, snow and debris handling, aerating, residential, commercial, golf, and sports turf care applications. The Construction and Forestry segment provides backhoe loaders, crawler dozers and loaders, four-wheel-drive loaders, excavators, motor graders, articulated dump trucks, skid-steer loaders, milling machines, recyclers, slipform and asphalt pavers, surface miners, compactors, tandem, static rollers, mobile crushers and screens, mobile and stationary asphalt plants, and log harvesters; and road building and rehabilitation equipment. The Financial Services segment finances sales and leases agriculture and turf, and construction and forestry equipment. It also offers wholesale financing to dealers of the foregoing equipment; and extended equipment warranties. Deere & Company has a strategic partnership with Tarter USA to develop and produce flex wing rotary cutters. The company was founded in 1837 and is headquartered in Moline, Illinois."}, "ETN": {"ticker": "ETN", "name": "Eaton Corporation plc", "sector": "industrials", "description": "Eaton Corporation plc operates as a power management company in the United States, Canada, Latin America, Europe, and the Asia Pacific. The company operates through Electrical Americas, Electrical Global, Aerospace, Vehicle, and eMobility segments. It offers electrical components, industrial components, power distribution and assemblies, residential products, single and three phase power quality and connectivity products, wiring devices, circuit protection products, utility power distribution products, and power reliability equipment; and hazardous duty electrical equipment, emergency lighting, fire detection, intrinsically safe explosion-proof instrumentation, and structural support systems. It also provides pumps, motors, hydraulic power units, hoses and fittings, and electro-hydraulic pumps; valves, cylinders, electronic controls, electromechanical actuators, sensors, aircraft flap and slat systems, and nose wheel steering systems; hose, thermoplastic tubing products, fittings, adapters, couplings, and sealing and ducting products; air-to-air refueling systems, fuel pumps, fuel inerting products, sensors, and adapters and regulators; oxygen generation system, payload carriages, and thermal management products; wiring connectors and cables; hydraulic and bag filters, strainers and cartridges, and golf grips for manufacturers of commercial and military aircraft, and related after-market customers, as well as industrial applications. In addition, the company offers transmissions, clutches, hybrid power systems, superchargers, engine valves and valve actuation systems, locking and limited slip differentials, transmission controls, and fuel vapor components for the vehicle industry; voltage inverters, converters, fuses, circuit protection units, vehicle controls, power distribution systems, fuel tank isolation valves, and commercial vehicle hybrid systems. The company formerly known as Abeiron Limited. The company was founded in 1911 and is based in Dublin, Ireland."}, "UNP": {"ticker": "UNP", "name": "Union Pacific Corporation", "sector": "industrials", "description": "Union Pacific Corporation, through its subsidiary, Union Pacific Railroad Company, operates in the railroad business in the United States. It offers transportation services for grain and grain products, fertilizers, food and refrigerated products, and coal and renewables to grain processors, animal feeders, and ethanol and renewable biofuel producers; and construction products, industrial chemicals, plastics, forest products, specialized products, metals and ores, petroleum, liquid petroleum gases, soda ash, and sand, as well as finished automobiles, automotive parts, and merchandise in intermodal containers. The company was founded in 1862 and is headquartered in Omaha, Nebraska."}, "HON": {"ticker": "HON", "name": "Honeywell International Inc.", "sector": "industrials", "description": "Honeywell International Inc. engages in the aerospace technologies, industrial automation, building automation, and energy and sustainable solutions businesses in the United States, Europe, and internationally. The company's Aerospace Technologies segment offers auxiliary power units, propulsion engines, integrated avionics, connectivity services, electric power systems, management and technical services, environmental control and electric power systems, engine controls, flight safety, communications, navigation hardware, data and software applications, radar and surveillance systems, aircraft lighting, advanced systems and instruments, satellite and space components, and aircraft wheels and brakes; thermal systems; and spare parts; repair, overhaul, and maintenance services. Its Industrial Automation segment provides automation control and instrumentation products and services; smart energy products; sensing technologies with custom-engineered sensors and services; gas detection technologies and personal protective equipment; and system design automation equipment, as well as software and analytics for manufacturing, distribution, and fulfillment operations. Its Building Automation segment provides software applications for building control and optimization; sensors, switches, control systems, and instruments for energy management; access control; video surveillance; fire products; and installation, maintenance, and upgrade of systems. The company's Energy and Sustainability Solutions segment, through its UOP business, delivers licensed process technology, equipment, engineering, catalysts, adsorbents, and services for refining, petrochemicals, low-carbon energy, gas and LNG, and industrial solutions; as well as connectivity, data integration and software solutions. Honeywell International Inc. was founded in 1885 and is headquartered in Charlotte, North Carolina."}, "LMT": {"ticker": "LMT", "name": "Lockheed Martin Corporation", "sector": "industrials", "description": "Lockheed Martin Corporation, an aerospace and defense company, engages in the research, design, development, manufacture, integration, and sustainment of technology systems, products, and services in the United States, Europe, Asia, the Middle East, and internationally. The company operates through four segments: Aeronautics; Missiles and Fire Control (MFC); Rotary and Mission Systems (RMS); and Space. The Aeronautics segment offers combat and air mobility aircraft, unmanned air vehicles, and related technologies. The MFC segment provides air and missile defense systems; tactical missiles and precision strike weapon systems; logistics; fire control systems; mission operations support, readiness, engineering support, and integration services; and ground vehicles. The RMS segment offers military and commercial helicopters, surface ships, sea and land-based missile defense systems, radar and laser systems, sea and air-based mission and combat systems, command and control mission solutions, cyber solutions, simulation and training solutions, and services and supports surface ships. The Space segment provides satellites; space transportation systems; strategic, advanced strike, and defensive systems; and classified systems and services in support of national security systems. This segment also provides network-enabled situational awareness and integrates space and ground global systems to help its customers gather, analyze, and securely distribute critical intelligence data. It serves primarily serves the U.S. government and international customers, as well as foreign military sales contracted through the U.S. government. The company was formerly known as The Lockheed Corporation and changed its name to Lockheed Martin Corporation in March 1995. Lockheed Martin Corporation was founded in 1912 and is based in Bethesda, Maryland."}, "PH": {"ticker": "PH", "name": "Parker-Hannifin Corporation", "sector": "industrials", "description": "Parker-Hannifin Corporation manufactures and sells motion and control technologies and systems for aerospace and defense, in-plant and industrial equipment, transportation, off-highway, energy, and HVAC and refrigeration markets in North America, Europe, Asia Pacific, and Latin America. The company operates through two segments: Diversified Industrial and Aerospace Systems. It offers various motion-control systems and components, such as active and passive vibration control, high purity sealing, coatings, high temperature sealing, cryogenic valves and fittings, HVAC/R controls and monitoring, elastomeric, fabric reinforced, metal, precision cut seals, hydrogen and natural gas filters, electric and hydraulic pumps and motors, industrial air, gas filtration, electric and hydraulic valves, miniature pumps and valves, electromagnetic interface shielding, pneumatic actuators, regulators and valves, electromechanical and hydraulic actuators, power take offs, electronics, drives and controllers, process filtration solutions, engine filtration solutions, rubber to substrate adhesives, fluid condition monitoring, sensors and diagnostics, fluid conveyance hose and tubing, structural adhesives, high pressure connectors, fittings, valves and regulators, thermal management, high purity fittings. The company also provides products for use in commercial and defense airframe and engine programs, such as avionics, electric and hydraulic braking systems, electric power, electromechanical actuators, engine exhaust systems and components, fire detection and suppression, flight control systems, fluid conveyance, fuel systems and components, fuel tank inserting systems, hydraulic pumps and motors, hydraulic valves and actuators, pneumatics, seals, sensors, and thermal management products. The company sells its products to original equipment manufacturers, distributors, direct-sales employees. Parker-Hannifin Corporation was founded in 1917 and is headquartered in Cleveland, Ohio."}, "VRT": {"ticker": "VRT", "name": "Vertiv Holdings Co", "sector": "industrials", "description": "Vertiv Holdings Co designs, manufactures, and services critical digital infrastructure technologies and life cycle services for data centers, communication networks, and commercial and industrial environments in the Americas, the Asia Pacific, Europe, the Middle East, and Africa. The company offers AC and DC power management products, low/medium voltage switchgear, busbar, thermal management products, air cooled and liquid cooled thermal management products, integrated modular solutions, racks, single phase UPS, rack power distribution, rack thermal systems, configurable integrated solutions, energy storage solutions, hardware, and software infrastructure that are integral to the technologies used for various services, including artificial intelligence, e-commerce, online banking, file sharing, video on-demand, energy storage, wireless communications, Internet of Things, and online gaming. It also provides lifecycle management services, predictive analytics, and professional services for deploying, maintaining, and optimizing its products and their related systems; and preventative maintenance, acceptance testing, engineering and consulting, fluid management, performance assessments, remote monitoring, training, spare parts, and critical digital infrastructure software services. The company offers its products primarily under the Vertiv, Liebert, NetSure, Geist, Energy Labs, ERS, Alb\u00e9r, and Avocent brands. It serves through a network of direct sales professionals, independent sales representatives, channel partners, and original equipment manufacturers. The company is headquartered in Westerville, Ohio."}, "TT": {"ticker": "TT", "name": "Trane Technologies plc", "sector": "industrials", "description": "Trane Technologies plc designs, manufactures, sells, and services of solutions for heating, ventilation, air conditioning, and custom and transport refrigeration. It offers air conditioners, exchangers, and handlers; airside and terminal devices; air sourced heat pumps; chillers; coils and condensers; auxiliary power, cold storage, and condensing units; controls contracting and commissioning, decarbonization programs, and gensets; dehumidifiers; energy and water efficiency programs; energy recovery ventilators and power solutions; energy storage; furnaces; home automation; humidifiers; HVAC performance-monitoring products; and indoor air quality assessments and related products for HVAC and transport solutions. The company also provides asset management, building management, bus air purification, bus and rail HVAC, container refrigeration, control, ductless, geothermal, data center and multi-pipe HVAC, package heating and cooling, rail refrigeration, residential air filtration, self and vehicle powered truck refrigeration, temporary heating and cooling, truck refrigeration, unitary, variable refrigerant flow, and trailer refrigeration systems. In addition, it offers industrial process refrigeration, installation contracting, lighting retrofit, medical grade refrigeration, refrigerant reclamation, renewable energy and storage, residential hybrid heating, telematics, thermostats/controls and associated digital, ventilation, and stationary cold storage solutions; packaged rooftop units; rate chambers; residential air filters; thermal energy storage; transport heater products; temperature freezers; energy infrastructure programs and management, repair and maintenance, smart and AI-enabled, and rental services; water source heat pumps; and aftermarket and OEM parts and supplies. The company was formerly known as Ingersoll-Rand Plc and changed its name to Trane Technologies plc in March 2020. The company was founded in 1885 and is headquartered in Swords, Ireland."}, "HWM": {"ticker": "HWM", "name": "Howmet Aerospace Inc.", "sector": "industrials", "description": "Howmet Aerospace Inc. provides advanced engineered solutions for the aerospace and transportation industries in the United States, Japan, France, Germany, the United Kingdom, Mexico, Italy, Canada, Poland, China, and internationally. It operates through four segments: Engine Products, Fastening Systems, Engineered Structures, and Forged Wheels. The Engine Products segment offers airfoils and seamless rolled rings primarily for aircraft engines and industrial gas turbines; and rotating and structural parts. The Fastening Systems segment produces aerospace fastening systems, as well as commercial transportation, industrial, and other fasteners; and latches, bearings, fluid fittings, and installation tools. The Engineered Structures segment provides titanium ingots and mill products, aluminum and nickel forgings, and machined components and assemblies for aerospace and defense applications; and titanium forgings, extrusions, and forming and machining services for airframe, wing, aero-engine, and landing gear components. The Forged Wheels segment offers forged aluminum wheels and related products for heavy-duty trucks and commercial transportation markets. The company was formerly known as Arconic Inc. Howmet Aerospace Inc. was founded in 1888 and is based in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania."}, "NOC": {"ticker": "NOC", "name": "Northrop Grumman Corporation", "sector": "industrials", "description": "Northrop Grumman Corporation operates as an aerospace and defense technology company in the United States, Asia/Pacific, Europe, and internationally. It operates through four segments: Aeronautics Systems, Defense Systems, Mission Systems and Space Systems. The Aeronautics Systems segment designs, develops, produces, integrates, sustains, and modernizes aircraft systems. This segment also offers unmanned autonomous aircraft systems, including high-altitude long-endurance strategic, surveillance and reconnaissance systems; and strategic long-range strike aircraft, tactical fighter and air dominance aircraft, and airborne battle management and command and control systems. Its Defense Systems segment designs, develops, integrates, and produces strategic deterrent systems, tactical weapons, and missile defense solutions; and provides sustainment, modernization, and training services for manned and unmanned aircraft and electronics systems. This segment also offers strategic missiles; integrated all-domain command and control systems; precision strike weapons; tactical solid rocket motors, and high-speed air-breathing and hypersonic systems; high-performance gun systems, ammunition, precision munitions, and advanced fuzes; and sustainment, operation, and modernization. The Mission Systems segment provides command, control, communication and computer, intelligence, surveillance, and reconnaissance systems; radar, electro-optical/infrared, and acoustic sensors; electronic warfare systems; advanced communications and network systems; microelectronics; navigation and positioning sensors; maritime power, propulsion, and payload launch systems; cyber solutions; and intelligence processing systems. Its Space Systems segment offers satellites, spacecraft systems, subsystems, sensors, and payloads; ground systems; missile defense systems and interceptors; and launch vehicles and related propulsion systems. The company was founded in 1939 and is based in Falls Church, Virginia."}, "FDX": {"ticker": "FDX", "name": "FedEx Corporation", "sector": "industrials", "description": "FedEx Corporation, together with its subsidiaries, provides transportation, e-commerce, and business services in the United States and internationally. It operates through Federal Express and FedEx Freight segments. The company offers transportation services, including express, freight, less-than-truckload freight, and time-specific freight-shipping; and small-package ground delivery services. It also provides e-commerce and digital solutions; dataworks; printing and shipping management, including digital printing, professional finishing, document creation, design solutions, direct mail, signs and graphics, custom-branded boxes, copying, computer rental, free Wi-Fi, corporate print solutions, shredding, expedited U.S. passport processing and renewal, and digital notarization; packing services, as well as packing supplies and boxes; document and business services; and retail access for package transportation. In addition, the company offers logistics services, air and ocean freight-forwarding and cargo transportation, specialty transportation, customs brokerage and clearance, trade management tools and data, and door-to-door solutions; and third party logistics and supply chain management solutions, such as inbound logistics, warehousing and distribution, fulfillment, contract packaging and product configuration, systems integration, returns process and disposition, test, repair, refurbishment, and product liquidation. Further, it provides sales, marketing, administrative, information technology, and back-office support services. FedEx Corporation was founded in 1971 and is headquartered in Memphis, Tennessee."}, "GD": {"ticker": "GD", "name": "General Dynamics Corporation", "sector": "industrials", "description": "General Dynamics Corporation operates as an aerospace and defense company worldwide. It operates through four segments: Aerospace, Marine Systems, Combat Systems, and Technologies. The Aerospace segment produces and sells business jets; and offers aircraft maintenance and repair, management, aircraft-on-ground support, customer support and custom completion services, modifications, upgrades, and lifecycle sustainment support services. The Marine Systems segment designs and builds nuclear-powered submarines, surface combatants, and auxiliary ships for the United States Navy and Jones Act ships for commercial customers, as well as provides maintenance, modernization, and lifecycle support services for navy ships; offers and program management, planning, engineering, and design support services for submarine construction programs. The Combat Systems segment manufactures land combat solutions, such as wheeled and tracked combat vehicles, Stryker wheeled combat vehicles, piranha vehicles, weapons systems, energetics and munitions, mobile bridge systems with payloads, tactical vehicles, main battle tanks, and armored vehicles; and offers modernization programs, support and sustainment services, and development programs. The Technologies segment provides information technology solutions and mission support services; mobile communication, computers, and command-and-control mission systems; intelligence, surveillance, and reconnaissance solutions to military, intelligence, and federal civilian customers; cloud services, cybersecurity, network modernization, artificial intelligence; machine learning; application development, high-performance computing, and 5G and advanced communications services; and unmanned undersea vehicle manufacturing and assembly services. The company was founded in 1899 and is headquartered in Reston, Virginia."}, "UPS": {"ticker": "UPS", "name": "United Parcel Service, Inc.", "sector": "industrials", "description": "United Parcel Service, Inc., a package delivery and logistics provider, offers transportation and delivery services. It operates through two segments, U.S. Domestic Package and International Package. The U.S. Domestic Package segment offers time-definite delivery services for express letters, documents, packages and palletized freight through air and ground services. The International Package segment provides small package operations in Europe, the Middle East and Africa, Canada and Latin America, and Asia. The company offers a range of guaranteed day- and time-definite international transportation services; day-definite services; cross-border ground package delivery; contract-only, e-commerce solutions for non-urgent, and cross-border shipments; and international service for urgent and palletized shipments. It also provides international air and ocean freight forwarding, contract logistics, customs brokerage and insurance, mail services, healthcare logistics, distribution, and post-sales services. United Parcel Service, Inc. was founded in 1907 and is headquartered in Atlanta, Georgia."}, "WM": {"ticker": "WM", "name": "Waste Management, Inc.", "sector": "industrials", "description": "Waste Management, Inc., through its subsidiaries, provides environmental solutions to residential, commercial, industrial, and municipal customers in the United States, Canada, Western Europe, and internationally. It offers collection services, including picking up and transporting waste and recyclable materials from where it was generated to a transfer station, recovery facility, or disposal site; owns and operates transfer stations; and owns, develops, and operates landfill gas-to-energy facilities that produce renewable electricity and renewable natural gas. It also operates materials processing and commodities recycling services, including cardboard, paper, glass, metals, plastics, construction and demolition materials, and other recycling commodities are recovered for resale or redirected for other purposes; markets and resells recycling commodities; recycling brokerage services, such as managing the marketing of recyclable materials for third parties; and other strategic business solutions. In addition, the company collects recyclable food and yard waste, as well as markets and sells mulch, compost, soil amendments, and renewable energy; offers remediation and construction, and industrial waste services; and manages and markets fly ash. Further, it provides Regulated Waste and Compliance Services (RWCS), which offers compliance programs, as well as collection, processing, and disposal of regulated and specialized waste, including medical, pharmaceutical, and hazardous waste; and Secure Information Destruction (SID) services that include the collection of personal and confidential information for secure destruction and recycling of sorted office paper. The company was formerly known as USA Waste Services, Inc. and changed its name to Waste Management, Inc. in 1998. Waste Management, Inc. was founded in 1968 and is based in Houston, Texas."}, "PWR": {"ticker": "PWR", "name": "Quanta Services, Inc.", "sector": "industrials", "description": "Quanta Services, Inc. offers infrastructure solutions for the electric and gas utility, power generation, load center, manufacturing, communications, pipeline, and energy industries. The company's Electric Infrastructure Solutions segment engages in the design, procurement, construction, upgrade, repair, and maintenance of electric power transmission and distribution infrastructure and substation facilities; installation, maintenance, and upgrade of electric power infrastructure projects; installation of smart grid technologies on electric power networks; and design, installation, maintenance, and repair of commercial and industrial wirings. This segment offers aviation; emergency aerial firefighting services; emergency restoration; and other engineering and technical services; design and construction solutions to wireline and wireless communications, cable multi-system operators, technology companies, and other customers; engineering, procurement, new construction, and repair and maintenance services for renewable generation facilities; and training for electric workers, as well as training for the gas distribution and communications industries. Its Underground Utility and Infrastructure Solutions segment is involved in the transportation, distribution, storage, development, and processing of natural gas, oil, and other products, as well as owns and operates large load centers. This segment also engages in the design, engineering, procurement, construction, upgrade, and repair and maintenance services for natural gas systems; pipeline protection, integrity testing, rehabilitation, and replacement services; and catalyst replacement, high-pressure and critical-path turnaround, instrumentation and electrical, piping, fabrication, and storage tank services. The company was formerly known as Fabal Construction, Inc. and changed its name to Quanta Services, Inc. in November 1997. The company was incorporated in 1997 and is headquartered in Houston, Texas."}, "CMI": {"ticker": "CMI", "name": "Cummins Inc.", "sector": "industrials", "description": "Cummins Inc. offers various power solutions worldwide. The company operates through five segments: Engine, Distribution, Components, Power Systems, and Accelera. It offers diesel and natural gas-powered engines; and drivetrain systems, including axles, drivelines, brakes, and suspension systems; and on- and off-highway, and other products. The company also provides aftertreatment technology and solutions comprising custom engineering systems and integrated controls, oxidation catalysts, particulate filters, and selective catalytic reduction systems, as well as engineered components, including dosers; turbochargers, fuel systems, and valvetrain technologies; electronic control modules, sensors, and supporting software; and automated manual transmissions, and automatic transmissions for internal combustion engines. In addition, it sells and offers support services power generation systems, high-horsepower engines, and heavy-duty and medium-duty engines; offers application engineering services, custom-designed assemblies, and in-shop and field-based repair services; and retail and wholesale aftermarket parts. Further, the company offers standby and prime power generators, controls, paralleling systems, and transfer switches; turnkey solutions for distributed generation and energy management applications using natural gas, diesel, battery energy storage systems, and newer alternative sustainable fuels; diesel and natural gas high-speed, high-horsepower engines; and A/C generator/alternator products. Additionally, it provides electrified power systems, including batteries, fuel cells, and electric powertrain technologies. It sells its products to original equipment manufacturers, distributors, dealers, and other customers. The company was formerly known as Cummins Engine Company and changed its name to Cummins Inc. in 2001. Cummins Inc. was founded in 1919 and is headquartered in Columbus, Indiana."}, "JCI": {"ticker": "JCI", "name": "Johnson Controls International plc", "sector": "industrials", "description": "Johnson Controls International plc, together with its subsidiaries, engages in engineering, manufacturing, commissioning, and retrofitting building products and systems in the Americas, Europe, the Middle East, Africa, and the Asia-Pacific. The company designs, manufactures, sells, installs, and services heating, ventilating, air conditioning, controls, building management, refrigeration, integrated electronic security, integrated fire detection and suppression systems, and digital solutions. It also provides energy solutions and technical services, including inspection, scheduled maintenance, and repair and replacement of mechanical and control systems, as well as data-driven building solutions. It sells its products and services to commercial, residential security, institutional, industrial, data center, marine, and governmental customers. Johnson Controls International plc was incorporated in 1885 and is based in Cork, Ireland."}, "EMR": {"ticker": "EMR", "name": "Emerson Electric Co.", "sector": "industrials", "description": "Emerson Electric Co., a technology and software company, provides various solutions in the Americas, Asia, the Middle East, Africa, and Europe. It operates through Final Control, Measurement & Analytical, Discrete Automation, Safety & Productivity, Control Systems & Software, and Test & Measurement segments. The Final Control segment provides control valves, isolation valves, shutoff valves, pressure relief valves, pressure safety valves, actuators, and regulators for process and hybrid industries under Anderson Greenwood, Bettis, Crosby, Fisher, Keystone, KTM, and Vanessa brands. The Measurement & Analytical segment supplies intelligent instrumentation measuring the physical properties of liquids or gases, such as pressure, temperature, level, flow, acoustics, corrosion, pH, conductivity, water quality, toxic gases, and flame under the Flexim, Micro Motion, and Rosemount brands. The Discrete Automation segment includes solenoid valves, pneumatic valves, valve position indicators, pneumatic cylinders and actuators, air preparation equipment, pressure and temperature switches, electric linear motion solutions, programmable automation control systems and software, electrical distribution equipment, and materials joining solutions used primarily in discrete industries under the Afag, Appleton, ASCO, Aventics, Branson, Movicon, PACSystems, SolaHD, TESCOM, and TopWorx brands. The Safety & Productivity segment delivers tools for professionals and homeowners that support infrastructure, promote safety, and enhance productivity under the Greenlee, Klauke, ProTeam, and RIDGID brands. The Control Systems & Software segment provides control systems and software that control plant processes by collecting and analyzing information from measurement devices in the plant under the DeltaV and Ovation brands. The Test & Measurement offers software-connected automated test and measurement systems. The company was incorporated in 1890 and is headquartered in Saint Louis, Missouri."}, "MMM": {"ticker": "MMM", "name": "3M Company", "sector": "industrials", "description": "3M Company provides diversified technology services in the America, the Asia Pacific, Europe, the Middle East, Africa, and internationally. It operates through three segments: Safety and Industrial, Transportation and Electronics, and Consumer. The Safety and Industrial segment provides industrial abrasives and finishing for metalworking applications; autobody repair solutions; industrial specialty products, such as personal hygiene products, masking, and packaging materials; electrical products and materials for construction and maintenance, power distribution, and electrical original equipment manufacturers; structural adhesives and tapes; respiratory, hearing, eye, and fall protection solutions; and natural and color-coated mineral granules for shingles. The Transportation and Electronics segment provides ceramic solutions; attachment and bonding, films, sound, and temperature management for transportation vehicles; format graphic films for advertising and fleet signage; reflective signage for highway and vehicle safety; light management films and electronics assembly solutions; chip packaging and interconnection solutions; semiconductor production materials; and data center solutions. The Consumer segment offers cleaning products for the home; consumer air quality products; picture hanging accessories; retail abrasives, paint accessories, and safety products; stationery and office products; automotive appearance products; and consumer bandages, tapes, braces, and supports. It serves automotive; commercial solutions; consumer markets; design and construction; electronics; energy; government; manufacturing; safety; transportation industries. The company offers its products through e-commerce and traditional wholesalers, retailers, jobbers, distributors, channel partner, and dealers, as well as directly to users. 3M Company was founded in 1902 and is headquartered in Saint Paul, Minnesota."}, "CSX": {"ticker": "CSX", "name": "CSX Corporation", "sector": "industrials", "description": "CSX Corporation, together with its subsidiaries, provides rail-based freight transportation services in the United States and Canada. It operates through two segments: rail and trucking. The company offers rail services; and transportation of intermodal containers and trailers, as well as other transportation services, such as rail-to-truck transfers and bulk commodity operations. It also transports chemicals, agricultural and food products, minerals, automotive, forest products, fertilizers, and metals and equipment; and coal, coke, and iron ore to electricity-generating power plants, steel manufacturers, and industrial plants, as well as exports coal to deep-water port facilities. In addition, the company provides intermodal services through a network of approximately 30 terminals transporting manufactured consumer goods in containers; and drayage services, including the pickup and delivery of intermodal shipments. It serves the automotive industry with distribution centers and storage locations, as well as connects non-rail served customers through transferring products, such as plastics and ethanol from rail to trucks. The company operates approximately 20,000 route mile rail network, which serves various population centers in 26 states east of the Mississippi River, the District of Columbia, and the Canadian provinces of Ontario and Quebec, as well as owns 3400 locomotives. It serves production and distribution facilities through track connections. CSX Corporation was incorporated in 1978 and is headquartered in Jacksonville, Florida."}, "ITW": {"ticker": "ITW", "name": "Illinois Tool Works Inc.", "sector": "industrials", "description": "Illinois Tool Works Inc. provides industrial products and equipment in North America, Europe, the Middle East, Africa, the Asia Pacific, and South America. It operates through seven segments: Automotive OEM; Food Equipment; Test & Measurement and Electronics; Welding; Polymers & Fluids; Construction Products; and Specialty Products. The Automotive OEM segment offers plastic and metal components, fasteners, and assemblies for automobiles, light trucks, and other industrial uses. The Food Equipment segment provides warewashing, cooking, refrigeration, and food processing equipment; kitchen exhaust, ventilation, and pollution control systems; and food equipment maintenance and repair services. The Test & Measurement and Electronics segment produce and sells test and measurement; and electronic manufacturing and maintenance, repair, and operations solutions. The Welding segment produces arc welding equipment, and metal arc welding consumables and related accessories. The Polymers & Fluids segment produces adhesives, sealants, lubrication and cutting fluids, and fluids and polymers for auto aftermarket maintenance and appearance. The Construction Products segment offers engineered fastening systems and solutions for the residential construction, renovation/remodel, and commercial construction markets. The Specialty Products segment provides beverage packaging equipment and consumables, product coding and marking equipment and consumables, and appliance components and fasteners. The company serves automotive OEM and aftermarket, commercial food equipment, construction, general industrial, industrial capital goods, consumer durables, and other markets, as well as MRO markets. It distributes its products directly to industrial manufacturers, as well as through independent distributors. Illinois Tool Works Inc. was founded in 1912 and is based in Glenview, Illinois."}, "CTAS": {"ticker": "CTAS", "name": "Cintas Corporation", "sector": "industrials", "description": "Cintas Corporation engages in the provision of corporate identity uniforms and related business services primarily in the United States, Canada, and Latin America. It operates through Uniform Rental and Facility Services, First Aid and Safety Services, and All Other segments. The company rents and services uniforms and other garments, including flame resistant clothing, mats, mops and shop towels, and other ancillary items; and provides restroom cleaning services and supplies, as well as sells uniforms. In addition, the company offers first aid and safety services, and fire protection products and services. It provides its products and services through its distribution network and local delivery routes, or local representatives to small service and manufacturing companies, as well as major corporations. The company was founded in 1968 and is based in Cincinnati, Ohio. Cintas Corporation was formerly a subsidiary of Cintas Corporation."}, "TDG": {"ticker": "TDG", "name": "TransDigm Group Incorporated", "sector": "industrials", "description": "TransDigm Group Incorporated designs, produces, and supplies aircraft components in the United States and internationally. The Power & Control segment offers mechanical/electro-mechanical actuators and controls, ignition systems and engine technology, specialized pumps and valves, power conditioning devices, specialized AC/DC electric motors and generators, batteries and chargers, databus and power controls, sensor products, switches and relay panels, hoists, winches and lifting devices, cargo loading and handling systems, delivery systems, and electronic components. Its Airframe segment provides engineered latching and locking devices, engineered rods, engineered connectors and elastomer sealing solutions, cockpit security components and systems, cockpit displays, lavatory components, seat belts and safety restraints, engineered and customized interior surfaces and related components, thermal protection and insulation products, lighting and control technology, parachutes, specialized flight, wind tunnel and jet engine testing services and equipment, and testing and instrumentation solutions, as well as engineered audio, radio, and antenna systems. The Non-Aviation segment offers seat belts and safety restraints; mechanical/electromechanical actuators and controls; hydraulic/electromechanical actuators and fuel valves; refueling systems; and turbine controls. It serves engine and power system and subsystem suppliers, airlines, third party maintenance suppliers, military buying agencies, and repair depots; airframe manufacturers, cabin system and subsystem suppliers, airlines, and third party maintenance suppliers; and off-road vehicle and subsystem suppliers, child restraint system suppliers, and satellite and space system suppliers, as well as manufacturers of heavy equipment. The company was formerly known as TD Holding Corporation and changed its name to TransDigm Group Incorporated in 2006. The company was founded in 1993 and is headquartered in Cleveland, Ohio."}, "NSC": {"ticker": "NSC", "name": "Norfolk Southern Corporation", "sector": "industrials", "description": "Norfolk Southern Corporation, together with its subsidiaries, engages in the rail transportation of raw materials, intermediate products, and finished goods in the United States. The company transports agriculture, forest, and consumer products comprising soybeans, wheat, corn, fertilizers, livestock and poultry feed, food products, food oils, flour, sweeteners, ethanol, lumber and wood products, pulp board and paper products, wood fibers, wood pulp, beverages, and canned goods; chemicals, including sulfur and related chemicals, petroleum products comprising crude oil, chlorine and bleaching compounds, plastics, rubber, industrial chemicals, chemical wastes, sand, and natural gas liquids; metals and construction materials, such as steel, aluminum products, machinery, scrap metals, cement, aggregates, minerals, clay, transportation equipment, and military-related products; and automotive, including finished motor vehicles and automotive parts, as well as coal. It also transports overseas freight through various Atlantic and Gulf Coast ports; and operates an intermodal network. Norfolk Southern Corporation was incorporated in 1980 and is headquartered in Atlanta, Georgia."}, "PCAR": {"ticker": "PCAR", "name": "PACCAR Inc", "sector": "industrials", "description": "PACCAR Inc designs, manufactures, and distributes light, medium, and heavy-duty commercial trucks in the United States, Canada, Australia, Mexico, Europe, Central and South America, and internationally. It operates through three segments: Truck, Parts, and Financial Services. The Truck segment designs, manufactures, and distributes trucks for the over-the-road and off-highway hauling of commercial and consumer goods; and diesel engine products. It sells its trucks through a network of independent dealers under the Kenworth, Peterbilt, and DAF nameplates. The Parts segment distributes aftermarket parts for trucks and related commercial vehicles. The Financial Services segment conducts full-service leasing operations under the PacLease trade name, as well as provides finance and leasing products and services to customers and dealers. This segment offers equipment financing and administrative support services for its franchisees; retail loan and leasing services for small, medium, and large commercial trucking companies, as well as independent owners/operators and other businesses; and truck inventory financing services to independent dealers. In addition, this segment offers loans and leases directly to customers for the acquisition of trucks and related equipment; and operates its own full-service lease outlets. The company manufactures and markets industrial winches under the Braden, Carco, and Gearmatic nameplates. PACCAR Inc was founded in 1905 and is headquartered in Bellevue, Washington."}, "LHX": {"ticker": "LHX", "name": "L3Harris Technologies, Inc.", "sector": "industrials", "description": "L3Harris Technologies, Inc. provides mission-critical solutions for government and commercial customers worldwide. It operates through three segments: Space & Mission Systems (SMS), Communications & Spectrum Dominance (CSD), and Missile Solutions (MSL). The SMS segment integrates satellite and payload capabilities, including missile warning and defense, with maritime, air special missions, and other global defense and civil government programs. Its MSL segment unites propulsion, hypersonic, and other advanced missile technologies. The CSD segment provides tactical radios, software, waveforms, satellite terminals, and end-to-end battlefield systems for the U.S. Department of Defense, international, federal, and state agency customers; broadband communications; integrated vision solutions, such as helmet-mounted integrated night vision goggles with image intensifier tubes and weapon-mounted sights, aiming lasers, and range finders; and public safety radios and system applications and equipment. The company was formerly known as Harris Corporation and changed its name to L3Harris Technologies, Inc. in June 2019. L3Harris Technologies, Inc. was founded in 1895 and is headquartered in Melbourne, Florida."}, "RSG": {"ticker": "RSG", "name": "Republic Services, Inc.", "sector": "industrials", "description": "Republic Services, Inc., together with its subsidiaries, offers environmental services in the United States and Canada. It is involved in the collection and processing of recyclable, solid waste, and industrial waste materials; transportation and disposal of non-hazardous and hazardous waste streams; and other environmental solutions. Its residential collection services include curbside collection of material for transport to transfer stations, landfills, recycling centers, and organics processing facilities; supply of recycling and waste containers; and renting of compactors. The company also engages in the processing and sale of old corrugated containers, old newsprint, aluminum, glass, and other materials; and provision of landfill services. It serves small-container, large-container, and residential customers. The company was incorporated in 1996 and is based in Phoenix, Arizona."}, "FIX": {"ticker": "FIX", "name": "Comfort Systems USA, Inc.", "sector": "industrials", "description": "Comfort Systems USA, Inc., together with its subsidiaries, provides mechanical and electrical installation, renovation, maintenance, repair, and replacement services for the mechanical and electrical services industry in the United States. The company operates through two segments: Mechanical and Electrical. It offers heating, ventilation, and air conditioning systems, as well as plumbing, electrical, piping and controls, off-site construction, monitoring, and fire protection. The company is also involved in the design, engineering, integration, installation, and start-up of mechanical, electrical, and plumbing (MEP) and related systems in new buildings; and renovation, expansion, maintenance, monitoring, repair, and replacement of systems in existing buildings. In addition, it provides remote monitoring of power usage, temperature, pressure, humidity and air flow for MEP and other building systems. The company serves building owners and developers, general contractors, architects, consulting engineers, and property managers in the commercial, industrial, and institutional markets. Comfort Systems USA, Inc. was founded in 1917 and is headquartered in Houston, Texas."}, "GWW": {"ticker": "GWW", "name": "W.W. Grainger, Inc.", "sector": "industrials", "description": "W.W. Grainger, Inc., together with its subsidiaries, distributes maintenance, repair, and operating products and services primarily in North America, Japan, and the United Kingdom. The company operates through two segments, High-Touch Solutions North America and Endless Assortment. It provides safety, security, material handling and storage equipment, pumps and plumbing equipment, cleaning and maintenance, and metalworking and hand tools. The company also offers technical support and inventory management services. It serves smaller businesses to large corporations, government entities, and other institutions, as well as commercial, healthcare, and manufacturing industries through sales and service representatives, and electronic and ecommerce channels. W.W. Grainger, Inc. was founded in 1927 and is headquartered in Lake Forest, Illinois."}, "AME": {"ticker": "AME", "name": "AMETEK, Inc.", "sector": "industrials", "description": "AMETEK, Inc. manufactures and sells electronic instruments (EIG) and electromechanical (EMG) devices in the United States and internationally. It operates through EIG and EMG segments. The company offers advanced instruments for the process, aerospace, power, and industrial markets; process and analytical instruments for the oil and gas, petrochemical, pharmaceutical, semiconductor, automation, and food and beverage industries; instruments to the laboratory equipment, ultra-precision manufacturing, medical, and test and measurement markets; power quality monitoring and metering devices, uninterruptible power supplies, programmable power and electromagnetic compatibility test equipment, and gas turbines sensors; dashboard instruments for heavy trucks and other vehicles; instrumentation and controls for food and beverage industries; and aircraft and engine sensors, embedded computing, monitoring, power supplies, fuel and fluid measurement, and data acquisition systems for aerospace and defense industry. It also provides engineered medical components and devices, automation solutions, thermal management systems, specialty metals, and electrical interconnects; single-use and consumable surgical instruments, implantable components, and drug delivery systems; engineered electrical connectors and electronics packaging; precision motion control products for data storage, medical devices, business equipment, automation, and other application; high-purity powdered metals, strips and foils, specialty clad metals, and metal matrix composites; motor-blower systems and heat exchangers for thermal management, military and commercial aircraft, and military ground vehicles; and motors used in commercial appliances, food and beverage machines, hydraulic pumps, and industrial blowers, as well as operates a network of aviation maintenance, repair, and overhaul facilities. AMETEK, Inc. was incorporated in 1930 and is headquartered in Berwyn, Pennsylvania."}, "FAST": {"ticker": "FAST", "name": "Fastenal Company", "sector": "industrials", "description": "Fastenal Company, together with its subsidiaries, engages in the wholesale distribution of industrial and construction supplies in the United States, Canada, Mexico, and internationally. It offers fasteners, and related industrial and construction supplies under the Fastenal name. The company's fastener products include threaded fasteners, bolts, nuts, screws, studs, and related washers that are used in manufactured products and construction projects, as well as in the maintenance and repair of machines. It offers miscellaneous supplies and hardware, including pins, machinery keys, concrete anchors, metal framing systems, wire ropes, strut products, rivets, and related accessories. The company serves the manufacturing market comprising original equipment manufacturers; maintenance, repair, and operations customers; non-residential construction market; farmers, truckers, railroads, mining companies, schools, and retail trades; and oil exploration, production, and refinement companies, as well as federal, state, and local governmental entities. Fastenal Company was founded in 1967 and is headquartered in Winona, Minnesota."}, "FERG": {"ticker": "FERG", "name": "Ferguson Enterprises Inc.", "sector": "industrials", "description": "Ferguson Enterprises Inc. distributes essential water and air solutions to specialized professional in the United States and Canada. The company provides various products and services, including plumbing; pipe, valves, and fittings; heating, ventilation, and air conditioning; appliances; lighting; and water and wastewater solutions to residential and non-residential customers. It also supplies specialized water and wastewater treatment products to residential, commercial, and infrastructure contractors, as well as supplies pipe, valves, and fittings solutions to industrial customers. In addition, it offers customized solutions, such as virtual design, fabrication, valve actuation, pre-assembly, kitting, installation, and project management services, as well as after-sales support that comprises warranty, credit, project-based billing, returns and maintenance, and repair and operations support. The company sells its products through a network of distribution centers, branches, counter service and sales associates, showroom consultants, and e-commerce channels. Ferguson Enterprises Inc. was founded in 1953 and is headquartered in Newport News, Virginia."}, "CARR": {"ticker": "CARR", "name": "Carrier Global Corporation", "sector": "industrials", "description": "Carrier Global Corporation provides intelligent climate and energy solutions in the United States, Europe, the Asia Pacific, and internationally. It operates through four segments: Climate Solutions Americas; Climate Solutions Europe; Climate Solutions Asia Pacific, Middle East & Africa; and Climate Solutions Transportation. The company provides air conditioners, heating systems, heat pumps, home and building energy management systems, automation systems, aftermarket components, and repair and maintenance and rental services, as well as modernization and upgrades to meet the heating, cooling, and ventilation needs of residential and commercial customers. It also offers transport refrigeration and monitoring products, services, and digital solutions for trucks, trailers, shipping containers, and intermodal and rail applications. The company offers its products under the Carrier, Viessmann, Toshiba, Automated Logic, Bryant, CIAT, Day & Night, Heil, NORESCO, Carrier Transicold, and Sensitech brands. The company was incorporated in 2019 and is headquartered in Palm Beach Gardens, Florida."}, "URI": {"ticker": "URI", "name": "United Rentals, Inc.", "sector": "industrials", "description": "United Rentals, Inc., through its subsidiaries, operates as an equipment rental company in the United States, Canada, Europe, Australia, and New Zealand. It operates through two segments, General Rentals and Specialty. The General Rentals segment rents general construction and industrial equipment, such as backhoes, skid-steer loaders, forklifts, earthmoving equipment, and material handling equipment; aerial work platforms, including boom and scissor lifts; and general tools and light equipment comprising pressure washers, water pumps, and power tools for construction and industrial companies, manufacturers, utilities, municipalities, homeowners, and government entities. The specialty segment rents trench safety equipment consists of trench shields, aluminum hydraulic shoring systems, slide rails, crossing plates, construction lasers, and line testing equipment for underground work; power and heating, ventilating, and air conditioning equipment, such as portable diesel generators, electrical distribution equipment, and temperature control equipment; fluid solutions equipment for fluid containment, transfer, and treatment; surface protection mats; and mobile storage equipment and modular office space. This segment serves construction companies involved in infrastructure projects, and municipalities and industrial companies. The company also sells aerial lifts, reach forklifts, telehandlers, compressors, and generators; construction consumables, tools, small equipment, and safety supplies; and parts for equipment that is owned by its customers, as well as provides repair and maintenance services. It sells used equipment through its sales force, brokers, website, at auctions, and directly to manufacturers. United Rentals, Inc. was incorporated in 1997 and is headquartered in Stamford, Connecticut."}, "DAL": {"ticker": "DAL", "name": "Delta Air Lines, Inc.", "sector": "industrials", "description": "Delta Air Lines, Inc. provides scheduled air transportation for passengers and cargo in the United States and internationally. The company operates through two segments, Airline and Refinery. Its domestic network centered on core hubs in Atlanta, Detroit, Minneapolis-St. Paul, and Salt Lake City, as well as coastal hub positions in Boston, Los Angeles, New York-LaGuardia, New York-JFK, and Seattle; and international network centered on hubs and market presence in Amsterdam, Bogota, Lima, Mexico City, London-Heathrow, Paris-Charles de Gaulle, Santiago (Chile), Sao Paulo, Seoul-Incheon, and Tokyo. It also provides aircraft maintenance and engineering support, repair, and overhaul services; and vacation packages. The company operates through a fleet of approximately 1,314 aircraft. Delta Air Lines, Inc. was founded in 1924 and is headquartered in Atlanta, Georgia."}, "ROK": {"ticker": "ROK", "name": "Rockwell Automation, Inc.", "sector": "industrials", "description": "Rockwell Automation, Inc., together with its subsidiaries, provides industrial automation and digital transformation solutions in North America, Europe, the Middle East, Africa, the Asia Pacific, and Latin America. It operates in three segments: Intelligent Devices, Software & Control, and Lifecycle Services. The company offers drives, motion, advanced material handling, safety, sensing, industrial components, hardware, software, and configured-to-order products; and control and visualization software and hardware, digital twin, simulation and information software, network and security infrastructure, and custom-engineered systems. It also provides digital consulting, professional services, engineered-to-order solutions, recurring services, cybersecurity, safety, remote monitoring, customer technical support and repair, asset management and optimization consulting, and training, as well as spare parts. The company sells its products through independent distributors in relation to its direct sales force. It serves discrete end markets, including automotive, semiconductor, e-commerce, and warehouse automation; hybrid end markets, such as food and beverage, life sciences, and tire; and process end markets comprising energy, mining, and chemicals. The company was formerly known as Rockwell International Corporation and changed its name to Rockwell Automation, Inc. in February 2002. Rockwell Automation, Inc. was founded in 1903 and is headquartered in Milwaukee, Wisconsin."}, "ODFL": {"ticker": "ODFL", "name": "Old Dominion Freight Line, Inc.", "sector": "industrials", "description": "Old Dominion Freight Line, Inc. operates as a less-than-truckload motor carrier in the United States and North America. The company offers regional, inter-regional, and national less-than-truckload services, as well as expedited transportation services. It also provides various value-added services, including container drayage, truckload brokerage, and supply chain consulting. In addition, the company operates fleet maintenance centers. As of December 31, 2025, it owned and operated 10,184 tractors, 30,824 linehaul trailers, and 14,313 pickup and delivery trailers. Old Dominion Freight Line, Inc. was founded in 1934 and is headquartered in Thomasville, North Carolina."}, "WAB": {"ticker": "WAB", "name": "Westinghouse Air Brake Technologies Corporation", "sector": "industrials", "description": "Westinghouse Air Brake Technologies Corporation provides locomotives, equipment, systems, and services for the freight rail and passenger transit industries worldwide. It operates in two segments, Freight and Transit. It offers diesel-electric and liquid natural gas-powered locomotives; engines, electric motors, and propulsion systems; and marine and mining products. The company also offers positive train control equipment; electronically controlled pneumatic braking products; railway electronics; signal design and engineering services; distributed locomotive power, and train cruise and remote controls; industrial/mobile Internet of Things hardware and software, edge-to-cloud, on and off-board analytics and rules, and asset performance management solutions; rail and shipper transportation management, and port visibility and optimization solutions; and network optimization solutions. In addition, it provides freight car trucks, braking equipment, and related components; air compressors and dryers, as well as heating, ventilation, and air conditioning (HVAC) systems; heat transfer components and systems; custom engineered burners and combustion systems; rail gear, signaling, and switch products; and turbochargers. Further, it offers freight locomotive overhauls, modernizations, and refurbishment; locomotive and car maintenance; transit locomotive and car overhaul; unit exchange of locomotive components; long-term parts arrangements; and way equipment maintenance services. Additionally, it provides railway and freight braking equipment and related components; brake shoes, discs, and pads; HVAC equipment; access and platform screen doors; pantographs; power converters and battery chargers; passenger information systems and closed-circuit television; signaling and railway electric relays; and doors, window assemblies, accessibility lifts, ramps, and electric charging solutions for buses. The company was founded in 1869 and is headquartered in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania."}, "WCN": {"ticker": "WCN", "name": "Waste Connections, Inc.", "sector": "industrials", "description": "Waste Connections, Inc. provides non-hazardous waste collection, transfer, and disposal services in the United States and Canada. It offers collection services to residential, commercial, municipal, industrial, and exploration and production (E&P) customers; landfill disposal services; and recycling services for various recyclable materials, including compost, cardboard, mixed paper, plastic containers, glass bottles, and ferrous and aluminum metals. The company owns and operates transfer stations that receive, compact, and/or load waste to be transported to landfills or treatment facilities through truck, rail, or barge; develops, owns, and operates projects or the beneficial reuse of landfill gas through landfill network; and intermodal services for the movement of cargo and solid waste containers. In addition, it provides E&P waste treatment, recovery, and disposal services for waste created through the initial drilling and completion of an oil or natural gas well, such as drilling fluids, drill cuttings, completion fluids, and flowback water; production wastes and produced water during a well's operating life; contaminated soils that require treatment during site reclamation; and substances, which require clean-up after a spill, reserve pit clean-up, or pipeline rupture. Waste Connections, Inc. was founded in 1997 and is based in Woodbridge, Canada."}, "EME": {"ticker": "EME", "name": "EMCOR Group, Inc.", "sector": "industrials", "description": "EMCOR Group, Inc. provides electrical and mechanical construction and facilities, building, and industrial services in the United States and the United Kingdom. It offers design, integration, installation, startup, operation, and maintenance services related to power transmission, distribution, and generation systems; energy solutions; premises electrical and lighting systems; process instrumentation; low-voltage systems; voice and data communications systems; roadway and transit lighting, signaling, and fiber optic lines; computerized traffic control systems, and signal and communication equipment; heating, ventilation, air conditioning, refrigeration, and geothermal solutions; clean-room process ventilation systems; fire protection and suppression systems; plumbing, process, and piping systems; control and filtration systems; water and wastewater treatment systems; central plant heating and cooling systems; crane and rigging; millwright; and steel fabrication, erection, and welding services. The company also provides site-based operations and maintenance; facility management and maintenance; energy retrofit; military base operations support; indoor air quality; floor care and janitorial; landscaping, lot sweeping, and snow removal; vendor management and call center; installation and support for building systems; program development, management, and maintenance for energy systems; technical consulting and diagnostic; infrastructure and building projects; modification and retrofit projects; and reception, security, and catering services. In addition, it offers refinery turnaround planning and engineering; welding; overhaul and maintenance; technical; instrumentation, controls, and electrical; electrical panel design, fabrication, and installation; on-site repair and maintenance; and renewable energy services, as well as design, manufacturing, repair, and hydro blast cleaning services. The company was incorporated in 1987 and is headquartered in Norwalk, Connecticut."}, "HEI-A": {"ticker": "HEI-A", "name": "HEICO Corporation", "sector": "industrials", "description": "HEICO Corporation provides aerospace, defense, and electronic related products and services in the United States and internationally. Its Flight Support Group segment offers jet engine and aircraft component replacement parts; thermal insulation blankets and parts; renewable/reusable insulation systems; and specialty components and assemblies. This segment also distributes hydraulic, pneumatic, structural, interconnect, mechanical, and electro-mechanical components for the commercial, regional, and general aviation markets; and offers repair and overhaul services for jet engine and aircraft component parts, avionics, instruments, composites, and commercial aircraft surfaces, as well as for avionics and navigation systems, subcomponents, and other military aircraft instruments. The company's Electronic Technologies Group segment provides electro-optical infrared simulation and test equipment; electro-optical laser products; electro-optical, microwave, and other power equipment; electromagnetic and radio frequency (RF) interference shielding and suppression filters; power electronics; power conversion and interface products; interconnection devices; and underwater locator and emergency locator transmission beacons. This segment also offers traveling wave tube amplifiers and microwave power modules; memory products and specialty semiconductors; environment connectivity products and molded cable assemblies; RF and microwave products; communications and electronic intercept receivers and tuners; self-sealing auxiliary fuel systems; active antenna systems and airborne antennas; nuclear radiation detectors; power amplifiers; ceramic-to-metal feedthroughs and connectors; technical surveillance countermeasures equipment; RF receivers and sources; radiation assurance, embedded computing, and silicone solutions; test sockets and adapters; and electronic components and rotary joint assemblies. The company was incorporated in 1957 and is headquartered in Hollywood, Florida."}, "IR": {"ticker": "IR", "name": "Ingersoll Rand Inc.", "sector": "industrials", "description": "Ingersoll Rand Inc. provides mission-critical air, fluid, clean energy, and medical technologies services and solutions worldwide. It operates in two segments, Industrial Technologies and Services, and Precision and Science Technologies. The Industrial Technologies and Services segment designs, manufactures, markets, and services a range of air and gas compression and treatment equipment, vacuum and blower products, fluid transfer equipment, loading systems, and power tools and lifting equipment; and other specialized equipment, including aftermarket parts, consumables and services, air treatment equipment, controls, other accessories, and services under the Ingersoll Rand, Gardner Denver, Nash, CompAir, Elmo Rietschle, and other brands. The Precision and Science Technologies segment designs, manufactures, and markets diaphragm, piston, water-powered, peristaltic, gear, vane, progressive cavity, and syringe pumps; and gas boosters, hydrogen compression systems, liquid handling systems, odorant injection systems, controls, software, and other related components and accessories for precision dosing, liquid and solid transfer, dispensing, gas compression and sampling, pressure management, flow control, powder handling, and other applications under the Air Dimensions, Albin, ARO, Dosatron, Haskel, Ingersoll Rand, LMI, Maximus, Milton Roy, MP, Oberdorfer, Seepex, Thomas, Welch, Williams, YZ, and Zinnser Analytic brands. This segment's products are used in medical, laboratory, industrial manufacturing, water and wastewater, chemical processing, clean energy, food and beverage, agriculture and other markets. It sells its products through a network of direct sales representatives and independent distributors. It has a strategic alliance with Garrett Motion. The company was formerly known as Gardner Denver Holdings, Inc. and changed its name to Ingersoll Rand Inc. in March 2020. Ingersoll Rand Inc. was founded in 1859 and is headquartered in Davidson, North Carolina."}, "WELL": {"ticker": "WELL", "name": "Welltower Inc.", "sector": "real-estate", "description": "Welltower Inc. is a S&P 500 company, is positioned at the center of the silver economy, focusing on rental housing for aging seniors across the United States, United Kingdom and Canada. Our portfolio of 2,000+ seniors and wellness housing communities are positioned at the intersection of housing and hospitality, creating vibrant communities for mature renters and older adults. We believe our real estate portfolio is unmatched, located in highly attractive micro markets with stunning built environments. Yet, we are an unusual real estate organization as we view ourselves as an operating company in a real estate wrapper, driven by highly aligned partnerships and an unconventional culture. Through our disciplined approach to capital allocation powered by our Data Science platform and superior operating results driven by the Welltower Business System - our end-to-end operating platform - we aspire to deliver long-term compounding of per share growth for our existing investors, our North Star. Welltower Inc. was incorporated in 1970 in Delaware and is based in Toledo, Ohio."}, "PLD": {"ticker": "PLD", "name": "Prologis, Inc.", "sector": "real-estate", "description": "Prologis, Inc. is a self-administered and self-managed REIT and is the sole general partner of Prologis, L.P. through which it holds substantially all of its assets. We operate Prologis, Inc. and Prologis, L.P. as one enterprise and, therefore, our discussion and analysis refer to Prologis, Inc. and its consolidated subsidiaries, including Prologis, L.P. We invest in real estate through wholly owned subsidiaries and other entities through which we co-invest with partners and investors (co-investment ventures). We have a significant ownership interest in the co-investment ventures, which are either consolidated or unconsolidated based on our level of control of the entity. Prologis, Inc. began operating as a fully integrated real estate company in 1997 and elected to be taxed as a REIT under the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (Internal Revenue Code or IRC). We believe the current organization and method of operation enable Prologis, Inc. to maintain its status as a REIT. Prologis, L.P. was also formed in 1997. We operate, manage and measure the operating performance of our properties on an owned and managed (O&M) basis. Our O&M portfolio includes our consolidated properties as well as properties owned by our unconsolidated co investment ventures, which we manage. We make operating decisions based on our total O&M portfolio as we manage the properties without regard to their ownership. Prologis, Inc. was incorporated in 1983 and is based in San Francisco, United States."}, "EQIX": {"ticker": "EQIX", "name": "Equinix, Inc.", "sector": "real-estate", "description": "Equinix, Inc. shortens the path to boundless connectivity anywhere in the world. Its digital infrastructure, data center footprint and interconnected ecosystems empower innovations that enhance our work, life and planet. Equinix connects economies, countries, organizations and communities, delivering seamless digital experiences and cutting-edge AI quickly, efficiently and everywhere. Equinix, Inc. was established on June 22, 1998 and is based in Redwood City, United States."}, "AMT": {"ticker": "AMT", "name": "American Tower Corporation", "sector": "real-estate", "description": "American Tower Corporation is one of the largest global real estate investment trusts. It is a leading independent owner, operator and developer of multitenant communications real estate. The Company's primary business is the leasing of space on communications sites to wireless service providers, radio and television broadcast companies, wireless data providers, government agencies and municipalities and tenants in a few other industries. The Company refers to this business, inclusive of its data center business discussed below, as its property operations. Additionally, the Company offers tower-related services in the United States, which the Company refers to as its services operations. These services include site application, zoning and permitting, structural and mount analyses, and construction management services, together with program management offerings that support customer deployment needs from project scoping through construction. The Company's services operations primarily support the Company's site leasing business, including through the addition of new tenants and equipment on its sites. The Company's customers include its tenants, licensees and other payers. American Tower Corporation was incorporated in 1995 in Delaware and is based in Massachusetts, Boston."}, "SPG": {"ticker": "SPG", "name": "Simon Property Group, Inc.", "sector": "real-estate", "description": "Simon Property Group, Inc. is a self-administered and self-managed real estate investment trust (REIT). Simon Property Group, L.P., or the Operating Partnership, is our majority-owned partnership subsidiary that owns all of our real estate properties and other assets. In this package, the terms Simon, we, our, or the Company refer to Simon Property Group, Inc., the Operating Partnership, and its subsidiaries. We own, develop and manage premier shopping, dining, entertainment and mixed-use destinations, which consist primarily of malls, Premium Outlets, The Mills, and International Properties. At December 31, 2024, we owned or had an interest in 229 properties comprising 183 million square feet in North America, Asia and Europe. We also owned an 88% interest in The Taubman Realty Group, or TRG, which owns 22 regional, super-regional, and outlet malls in the U.S. and Asia. Additionally, at December 31, 2024, we had a 22.4% ownership interest in Klepierre, a publicly traded, Paris-based real estate company, which owns shopping centers in 14 European countries. Simon Property Group, Inc. was incorporated in 1960 and is based in Indiana, United States."}, "DLR": {"ticker": "DLR", "name": "Digital Realty Trust, Inc.", "sector": "real-estate", "description": "Digital Realty Trust, Inc. owns, acquires, develops, and operates data centers through its operating partnership subsidiary, Digital Realty Trust, L.P. The company is focused on providing data center, colocation, and interconnection solutions for domestic and international customers across a variety of industry verticals ranging from cloud and information technology services, communications and social networking to financial services, manufacturing, energy, healthcare, and consumer products. As of March 31, 2026, the company's 309 data centers, including 89 data centers held as investments in unconsolidated entities, contain applications and operations critical to the day-to-day operations of technology industry and corporate enterprise data center customers. Digital Realty's portfolio is comprised of approximately 3.0 gigawatts of IT capacity, as well as approximately 6.3 gigawatts of buildable IT capacity under active development and held for future development, located throughout North America, Europe, South America, Asia, Australia, and Africa. Digital Realty Trust, Inc. was established on March 09, 2004 and is based in Dallas, United States."}, "O": {"ticker": "O", "name": "Realty Income Corporation", "sector": "real-estate", "description": "Realty Income Corporation, an S&P 500 company, is real estate partner to the world's leading companies. We serve our clients as a full-service real estate capital provider. As of December 31, 2025, we have a portfolio of over 15,500 properties in all 50 states of the United States (U.S.), the United Kingdom (U.K.), and eight other countries in Europe. We are known as (The Monthly Dividend Company) and have a mission to invest in people and places to deliver dependable monthly dividends that increase over time. Since our listing on the NYSE in 1994, we have had 133 dividend increases and are a member of the S&P 500 Dividend Aristocrats index for having increased our dividend for over 31 consecutive years. The firm was founded and incorporated in 1969 in Maryland and is based in San Diego, California."}, "PSA": {"ticker": "PSA", "name": "Public Storage", "sector": "real-estate", "description": "Public Storage, a member of the S&P 500, is a REIT that primarily acquires, develops, owns, and operates self-storage facilities. At March 31, 2026, we: (i) owned and/or operated 3,546 self-storage facilities located in 40 states with approximately 259 million net rentable square feet in the United States and (ii) owned a 35% common equity interest in Shurgard Self Storage Limited (Euronext Brussels: SHUR), which owned 333 self-storage facilities located in seven Western European countries with approximately 19 million net rentable square feet operated under the Shurgard brand. Public Storage was incorporated in 1972 in Maryland."}, "CBRE": {"ticker": "CBRE", "name": "CBRE Group, Inc.", "sector": "real-estate", "description": "CBRE Group, Inc. operates as a commercial real estate services and investment company in the United States, the United Kingdom, and internationally. The company operates through Advisory Services, Building Operations and Experience, Project Management, and Real Estate Investments segments. The Advisory Services segment offers strategic advice and execution to owners, investors, and occupiers of real estate in connection with leasing of offices, and industrial and retail space; clients fully integrated property sales services under the CBRE Capital Markets brand; clients commercial mortgage and structured financing services; originates and sells commercial mortgage loans; property management services, such as marketing, building engineering, lease administration, accounting, investment reporting services, financial services on a contractual basis for owners of and investors in office, industrial, and retail properties; and valuation services that include market value appraisals, litigation support, discounted cash flow analyses, and feasibility studies, as well as consulting services, such as property condition reports, hotel advisory, and environmental consulting. The Global Workplace Solutions segment provides facilities management, and project management services comprising building consulting, program, and project and cost management services under the Turner & Townsend brand name. The Real Estate Investments segment offers investment management services under the CBRE Investment Management brand to pension funds, insurance companies, sovereign wealth funds, foundations, endowments, and other institutional investors and development services, such as real estate development and investment activities under the Trammell Crow Company brand to users and investors in commercial real estate, and for their own account. CBRE Group, Inc. was founded in 1906 and is headquartered in Dallas, Texas."}, "VTR": {"ticker": "VTR", "name": "Ventas, Inc.", "sector": "real-estate", "description": "Ventas, Inc. is a leading S&P 500 real estate investment trust enabling exceptional environments that benefit a large and growing aging population. With approximately 1,400 properties in North America and the United Kingdom, Ventas occupies an essential role in the longevity economy. The Company's growth is fueled by its more than 850 senior housing communities, which provide valuable services to residents and enable them to thrive in supported environments. Ventas aims to deliver outsized performance by leveraging its operational expertise, data-driven insights from its Ventas OI platform, extensive relationships and strong financial position. The Ventas portfolio also includes outpatient medical buildings, research centers and healthcare facilities. Ventas's seasoned team of talented professionals shares a commitment to excellence, integrity and a common purpose of helping people live longer, healthier, happier lives. Ventas, Inc. was incorporated in 1983 and is based in Chicago, United States."}, "CCI": {"ticker": "CCI", "name": "Crown Castle Inc.", "sector": "real-estate", "description": "Crown Castle Inc. owns, operates and leases approximately 40,000 cell towers and approximately 90,000 route miles of fiber. It primarily supports small cells and fiber solutions across every major U.S. market. This nationwide portfolio of communications infrastructure connects cities and communities to essential data, technology and wireless service \u0096 bringing information, ideas and innovations to the people and businesses that need them. Crown Castle Inc. was incorporated in 1994 and is based in Houston, United States."}, "IRM": {"ticker": "IRM", "name": "Iron Mountain Incorporated", "sector": "real-estate", "description": "Iron Mountain Incorporated is a global leader in information management services, and is trusted by more than 240,000 customers in 61 countries. It also includes approximately 95% of the Fortune 1000, to help unlock value and intelligence from their assets through services that transcend the physical and digital worlds. Their broad range of solutions address their information management, digital transformation, information security, data center and asset lifecycle management (ALM) needs. Their longstanding commitment to safety, security, sustainability and innovation in support of our customers underpins everything we do. We currently serve customers across an array of market verticals commercial, legal, financial, healthcare, technology, life sciences, energy, business services, entertainment and government organizations. They are listed on the New York Stock Exchange (the NYSE) and are a constituent of the Standard & Poor's 500 Index, the Morgan Stanley Capital International (MSCI) REIT index and the FTSE EPRA Nareit Global Real Estate Index. As of December 31, 2025, we were number 567 on the Fortune 1000. We have been organized and have operated as a REIT beginning with our taxable year ended December 31, 2014. The firm was founded and incorporated in 1951 and is based in Portsmouth, United States."}, "EXR": {"ticker": "EXR", "name": "Extra Space Storage Inc.", "sector": "real-estate", "description": "Extra Space Storage Inc., headquartered in Salt Lake City, Utah, is a self-administered and self-managed REIT and a member of the S&P 500. As of December 31, 2025, the Company owned and/or operated 4,281 self-storage stores in 43 states and Washington, D.C. Its stores comprise approximately 2.9 million units and approximately 330.4 million square feet of rentable space operating under the Extra Space brand. The Company offers customers a wide selection of conveniently located and secure storage units across the country, including boat storage, RV storage and business storage. It is the largest operator of self-storage properties in the United States. Extra Space Storage Inc. was incorporated in 1977 in Maryland, USA."}, "VICI": {"ticker": "VICI", "name": "VICI Properties Inc.", "sector": "real-estate", "description": "VICI Properties Inc. is an S&P 500 experiential real estate investment trust that owns one of the largest portfolios of market-leading gaming, hospitality, wellness, entertainment and leisure destinations, including Caesars Palace Las Vegas, MGM Grand and the Venetian Resort Las Vegas, three of the most iconic entertainment facilities on the Las Vegas Strip. VICI Properties owns 93 experiential assets across a geographically diverse portfolio consisting of 54 gaming properties and 39 other experiential properties across the United States and Canada. The portfolio is comprised of approximately 127 million square feet and features approximately 60,300 hotel rooms and over 500 restaurants, bars, nightclubs and sportsbooks. Its properties are occupied by industry-leading gaming, leisure and hospitality operators under long-term, triple-net lease agreements. VICI Properties has a growing array of real estate and financing partnerships with leading developers and operators in other experiential sectors, including Cabot, Cain, Canyon Ranch, Chelsea Piers, Great Wolf Resorts, Homefield, Kalahari Resorts and Lucky Strike Entertainment. VICI Properties also owns four championship golf courses and approximately 33 acres of undeveloped and underdeveloped land adjacent to the Las Vegas Strip. VICI Properties' goal is to create the highest quality and most productive experiential real estate portfolio through a strategy of partnering with the highest quality experiential place makers and operators. VICI Properties Inc. was incorporated in 2016 and is based in New York, United States."}, "EQR": {"ticker": "EQR", "name": "Equity Residential", "sector": "real-estate", "description": "Equity Residential is committed to creating communities where people thrive. The Company, a member of the S&P 500, owns and manages 312 rental properties consisting of 85,190 apartment units in dynamic metro areas across the U.S. with a primary concentration in major coastal markets, diversified by a targeted presence in the high-growth metro areas of Atlanta, Austin, Dallas/Ft. Worth and Denver. Equity Residential was incorporated in 1993 and is based in Chicago, United States."}, "AVB": {"ticker": "AVB", "name": "AvalonBay Communities, Inc.", "sector": "real-estate", "description": "AvalonBay Communities, Inc., a member of the S&P 500, is an equity REIT. The firm develops, redevelops, acquires and manages communities in leading metropolitan areas in New England, the New York/New Jersey Metro area, the Mid-Atlantic, the Pacific Northwest, and Northern and Southern California, as well as in the Company's expansion regions of Raleigh-Durham and Charlotte, North Carolina, Southeast Florida, Dallas and Austin, Texas, and Denver, Colorado. As of December 31, 2025, the Company owned or held a direct or indirect ownership interest in 320 communities containing 98,694 apartment homes in 11 states and the District of Columbia, of which 24 communities were under development. AvalonBay Communities, Inc. was incorporated in 1978 in Maryland and is based in Arlington, Virginia."}, "SBAC": {"ticker": "SBAC", "name": "SBA Communications Corporation", "sector": "real-estate", "description": "SBA Communications Corporation is a leading independent owner and operator of wireless communications infrastructure. It includes towers, buildings, rooftops, distributed antenna systems (DAS) and small cells. With a portfolio of more than 46,000 communications sites throughout the Americas and in Africa, SBA is listed on NASDAQ under the symbol SBAC. Our organization is part of the S&P 500 and one of the top Real Estate Investment Trusts (REITs) by market capitalization. SBA Communications Corporation was incorporated in 1989 and is based in Boca Raton, Florida."}, "WY": {"ticker": "WY", "name": "Weyerhaeuser Company", "sector": "real-estate", "description": "Weyerhaeuser Company, one of the world's largest private owners of timberlands, began operations in 1900. Today the firm owns or controls more than 10 million acres of timberlands in the U.S., as well as additional public timberlands managed under long-term licenses in Canada. Weyerhaeuser has been a global leader in sustainability for more than a century and manages 100 percent of its timberlands on a fully sustainable basis in compliance with internationally recognized sustainable forestry standards. Weyerhaeuser is also one of the largest manufacturers of wood products in North America and operates additional business lines around product distribution, climate solutions, real estate, energy and natural resources, among others. In 2025, the company generated 6.9 billion US dollars in net sales and employed approximately 9,500 people who serve customers worldwide. Operated as a real estate investment trust, Weyerhaeuser's common stock trades on the New York Stock Exchange under the symbol WY. Weyerhaeuser Company was incorporated in 1900 in Washington and is based in Seattle, United States."}, "ESS": {"ticker": "ESS", "name": "Essex Property Trust, Inc.", "sector": "real-estate", "description": "Essex Property Trust, Inc., an S&P 500 company, is a fully integrated real estate investment trust. The firm acquires, develops, redevelops, and manages multifamily residential properties in selected West Coast markets. Essex currently has ownership interests in 259 apartment communities comprising over 63,000 apartment homes with an additional property in active development. Essex Property Trust, Inc. was incorporated in 1971 in Maryland and is based in San Mateo, United States."}, "CSGP": {"ticker": "CSGP", "name": "CoStar Group, Inc.", "sector": "real-estate", "description": "CoStar Group, Inc. provides information, analytics, and online marketplace services to real estate and related business communities in the United States, Australia, Canada, Europe, the Asia Pacific, and Latin America. It offers CoStar Property that provides inventory of office, industrial, retail, multifamily, hospitality, and student housing, and land properties; CoStar Leasing, a data on lease transactions and tools to manage user-entered lease data; CoStar Sales, a database of commercial real estate sales transactions; CoStar Owners provides detailed portfolio information; CoStar Markets to view and report on market and submarket trends; and CoStar Tenant that provides tenant information. The company also provides hospitality benchmarking that allows hotels to measure performance against competitors; Debt Solutions, a tool for lenders to manage loan portfolios and risk; and real estate and lease management technology solutions, such as lease administration, lease accounting, and transaction management services. In addition, it offers Apartamentos.com, an apartment marketing sites; LoopNet.com, a commercial property marketing sites; Homes.com, a home for sale listings site; Ten-X, an online auction platform for commercial real estate; Land.com, a marketplace for rural land sales; and BizBuySell.com, a marketplace for operating businesses and franchises for sale. It serves sales, leasing, and mortgage brokers; property, real estate investment trust, insurance companies, and asset managers; and government agencies, property owners, mortgage-backed security issuers, appraisers, design and construction professionals, pension fund managers, real estate developers, reporters tenant vendors, bankers, building services vendors, mortgage bankers, communications providers, retailers, institutional advisors, hospitality owners, investors, and real estate agents. The company was founded in 1986 and is headquartered in Arlington, Virginia."}, "SUI": {"ticker": "SUI", "name": "Sun Communities, Inc.", "sector": "real-estate", "description": "Sun Communities, Inc. became a publicly owned corporation in December 1993. The Company is a fully integrated REIT listed on the New York Stock Exchange. As of March 31, 2026, the Company owned, operated, or had an interest in a portfolio of 515 developed MH, RV, and UK properties comprising approximately 179,300 developed sites in the U.S., Canada, and the U.K. Sun Communities, Inc. was incorporated in 1975 and is based in Southfield, United States."}, "INVH": {"ticker": "INVH", "name": "Invitation Homes Inc.", "sector": "real-estate", "description": "Invitation Homes is a leading owner and operator of single-family homes for lease, offering residents high quality homes in sought after neighborhoods across the United States. As of December 31, 2025, we wholly own 86,192 homes for lease, jointly own 8,006 homes for lease, and provide professional third-party property and asset management services for an additional 15,866 homes, all of which are primarily located in 16 core markets across the country. These homes help meet the needs of a growing share of Americans who count on the ease, flexibility, and savings of leasing. We provide our residents access to updated homes with features they value, as well as close proximity to jobs and good schools. The continued demand for our product proves that the choice and flexibility we offer are attractive to many people. We operate in markets with strong demand drivers, high barriers to entry, and high rent growth potential, primarily in the Western United States, Florida, and the Southeast United States. Through disciplined market and asset selection, as well as through strategic mergers and acquisitions, we designed our wholly and jointly owned portfolios to capture the operating benefits of local density as well as economies of scale that we believe cannot be readily replicated. Since our founding in 2012, we have built a proven, vertically integrated operating platform that enables us to effectively and efficiently acquire, renovate, lease, maintain, and manage both the homes we own and those we manage on behalf of others. The portfolio of homes we own average approximately 1,880 square feet with three to four bedrooms and two bathrooms, appealing to a resident base that we believe is less transitory than a typical multifamily resident. We invest in the upfront renovation of homes in our portfolio in order to address capital needs, reduce ongoing maintenance costs, and drive resident demand Invitation Homes Inc. was incorporated in 6th June 2012 and is based in Dallas, United States."}, "NLY": {"ticker": "NLY", "name": "Annaly Capital Management, Inc.", "sector": "real-estate", "description": "Annaly Capital Management, Inc., a diversified capital manager, engages in the residential mortgage finance business. The company invests in agency mortgage-backed securities collateralized by residential mortgages; non-agency residential whole loans and securitized products within the residential and commercial markets; mortgage servicing rights; agency commercial mortgage-backed securities; to-be-announced forward contracts; residential mortgage-backed securities; residential mortgage loans; and agency or private label credit risk transfer securities. It has elected to be taxed as a real estate investment trust (REIT). As a REIT, it is not subject to federal income tax to the extent that it distributes its taxable income to its shareholders. Annaly Capital Management, Inc. was incorporated in 1996 and is based in New York, New York."}, "JLL": {"ticker": "JLL", "name": "Jones Lang LaSalle Incorporated", "sector": "real-estate", "description": "Jones Lang LaSalle Incorporated operates as a commercial real estate and investment management company. It engages in buying, building, occupying, managing, and investing in office, industrial, hotel, multi-family, retail and data center properties in the Americas, Europe, the Middle East, Africa, and the Asia Pacific. The company also offers agency leasing, tenant representation, property management, advisory, and consulting services; and debt advisory, loan sales and servicing, value and risk advisory, equity and funds placement, merger and acquisition, corporate advisory, and investment sales and advisory services. In addition, it provides on-site real estate management services for office, industrial, retail, multifamily residential, and other properties; cloud-based software solutions; integrated facilities management, space planning, office design, and workplace strategy consulting services; program and project management, implementation and support, managed services, and advisory/consulting services; and investment management services to institutional investors and high-net-worth individuals, as well as designing, building, management, and consulting services to tenants of leased space, owners in self-occupied buildings, and owners of real estate investments. It provides its services to real estate owners, occupiers, investors, and developers for various property types, including critical environments and data centers, offices, industrial and warehouses, residential properties, infrastructure projects, retail and shopping malls, logistics, and military housing and transportation centers; and hotels and hospitality, cultural, educational, government, healthcare and laboratory, and sports facilities. The company was formerly known as LaSalle Partners Incorporated and changed its name to Jones Lang LaSalle Incorporated in March 1999. Jones Lang LaSalle Incorporated was incorporated in 1997 and is headquartered in Chicago, Illinois."}, "KIM": {"ticker": "KIM", "name": "Kimco Realty Corporation", "sector": "real-estate", "description": "Kimco Realty Corporation is a real estate investment trust and leading owner and operator of high-quality, open-air, grocery-anchored shopping centers and mixed-use properties in the United States. The company's portfolio is strategically concentrated in the first-ring suburbs of the top major metropolitan markets, including high-barrier-to-entry coastal markets and Sun Belt cities. Its tenant mix is focused on essential, necessity-based goods and services that drive multiple shopping trips per week. Publicly traded on the NYSE since 1991 and included in the S&P 500 Index, the company has specialized in shopping center ownership, management, acquisitions, and value-enhancing redevelopment activities for more than 65 years. With a proven commitment to corporate responsibility, Kimco Realty is a recognized industry leader in this area. As of December 31, 2025, the company owned interests in 565 U.S. shopping centers and mixed-use assets comprising 100 million square feet of gross leasable space. Kimco Realty Corporation was incorporated in 1958 in Maryland and is based in Jericho, New York."}, "WPC": {"ticker": "WPC", "name": "W. P. Carey Inc.", "sector": "real-estate", "description": "W. P. Carey Inc. ranks among the largest net lease REITs with a well-diversified portfolio of high-quality, operationally critical commercial real estate. It includes 1,703 net lease properties covering approximately 185 million square feet as of March 31, 2026. With offices in New York, London, Amsterdam and Dallas, the company remains focused on investing primarily in single-tenant, industrial, warehouse and retail properties located in the U.S. and Europe, under long-term net leases with built-in rent escalations. W. P. Carey Inc. was incorporated in 1973 in Maryland, USA."}, "MAA": {"ticker": "MAA", "name": "Mid-America Apartment Communities, Inc.", "sector": "real-estate", "description": "Mid-America Apartment Communities, Inc. is a self-administered real estate investment trust (REIT) and member of S&P 500. MAA owns or has ownership interest in apartment communities primarily throughout the Southeast, Southwest and Mid-Atlantic regions of the U.S. focused on delivering strong, full-cycle investment performance. Mid-America Apartment Communities, Inc. was incorporated in 1977 in Tennessee and is based in Germantown, United States."}, "REG": {"ticker": "REG", "name": "Regency Centers Corporation", "sector": "real-estate", "description": "Regency Centers Corporation is a fully integrated real estate company and self-administered and self-managed real estate investment trust that began its operations as a publicly-traded REIT in 1993. The Company conducts substantially all of its operations, and owns, directly or indirectly, substantially all of its assets. Our business consists of acquiring, developing, owning, and operating income-producing retail real estate principally located in suburban trade areas with compelling demographics within the United States of America. Regency has been an S&P 500 Index member since 2017. We are a preeminent national owner, operator, and developer of neighborhood and community shopping centers. Our portfolio includes thriving properties merchandised with highly productive grocers, restaurants, service providers, and best-in-class retailers that connect with their neighborhoods, communities, and customers. Regency Centers Corporation was incorporated in 1963 and is based in Jacksonville, Florida."}, "HST": {"ticker": "HST", "name": "Host Hotels & Resorts, Inc.", "sector": "real-estate", "description": "Host Hotels & Resorts, Inc., herein referred to as we, Host Inc., or the Company, is a self-managed and self-administered real estate investment trust that owns hotel property. We conduct our operations as an umbrella partnership, REIT, through an operating partnership, Host Hotels & Resorts, L.P., of which we are the sole general partner. When distinguishing between Host Inc. and Host LP, the primary difference is approximately 1% of the partnership interests in Host LP held by outside partners as of December 31, 2025, which are non-controlling interests in Host LP in our consolidated balance sheets and are included in net (income) loss attributable to non-controlling interests in our condensed consolidated statements of operations. Host Hotels & Resorts, Inc. is incorporated in 1927 and is based in Bethesda, Maryland."}, "OHI": {"ticker": "OHI", "name": "Omega Healthcare Investors, Inc.", "sector": "real-estate", "description": "Omega Healthcare Investors, Inc. is a Real Estate Investment Trust. The firm is providing financing and capital to the long-term healthcare industry in the United States and the United Kingdom with a focus on skilled nursing and assisted living facilities, including care homes in the United Kingdom. As of September 30, 2025, Omega has a portfolio of investments that includes 1,024 operating facilities located in 42 states, the District of Columbia and the United Kingdom/Jersey (290 facilities) and operated by 88 different operators. Additionally, Omega has investments in several unconsolidated entities that own 19 facilities. As a source of capital to the healthcare industry, Omega continually evaluates the opportunities, trends and challenges affecting the industry. Our goal is to identify long-term investments in quality healthcare properties with outstanding operators that provide the most favorable risk/reward ratio to our investors. Omega Healthcare Investors, Inc. is based in Hunt Valley, United States."}, "LAMR": {"ticker": "LAMR", "name": "Lamar Advertising Company", "sector": "real-estate", "description": "Lamar Advertising Company is one of the largest outdoor advertising companies in North America, with over 362,000 displays across the United States and Canada. Lamar offers advertisers a variety of billboards, interstate logo, transit and airport advertising formats, helping both local businesses and national brands reach broad audiences every day. In addition to its more traditional out-of-home inventory, Lamar is proud to offer its customers the largest network of digital billboards in the United States with over 5,400 displays. Lamar Advertising Company was founded and incorporated in 1902 in Delaware and is based in Baton Rouge, United States."}, "GLPI": {"ticker": "GLPI", "name": "Gaming and Leisure Properties, Inc.", "sector": "real-estate", "description": "Gaming and Leisure Properties, Inc. is engaged in the business of acquiring, financing, and owning real estate property to be leased to gaming operators in triple-net lease arrangements, pursuant to which the tenant is responsible for all facility maintenance, insurance required in connection with the leased properties and the business conducted on the leased properties, taxes levied on or with respect to the leased properties and all utilities and other services necessary or appropriate for the leased properties and the business conducted on the leased properties. Gaming and Leisure Properties, Inc. was established on February 13th, 2013, incorporated in 2013 in Pennsylvania in and is based in Wyomissing, United States."}, "UDR": {"ticker": "UDR", "name": "UDR, Inc.", "sector": "real-estate", "description": "UDR, Inc. is a S&P 500 company, is a leading multifamily real estate investment trust with a demonstrated performance history of delivering superior and dependable returns by successfully managing, buying, selling, developing and redeveloping attractive real estate properties in targeted U.S. markets. As of December 31, 2025, UDR owned or had an ownership position in 60,941 apartment homes, including 300 apartment homes under development. For over 53 years, UDR has delivered long-term value to shareholders, the best standard of service to residents and the highest quality experience for associates. UDR, Inc. was incorporated in 1972 and is based in Highlands Ranch, United States."}, "ELS": {"ticker": "ELS", "name": "Equity LifeStyle Properties, Inc.", "sector": "real-estate", "description": "Equity LifeStyle Properties, Inc. is a self-administered, self-managed real estate investment trust. As of March 31, 2026, they own or have an interest in 453 properties in 35 states and British Columbia consisting of 173,419 sites. Equity LifeStyle Properties, Inc. is headquartered in Chicago. Equity LifeStyle Properties, Inc. was incorporated in 1992 in Maryland and based in Chicago, Illinois."}, "AMH": {"ticker": "AMH", "name": "American Homes 4 Rent", "sector": "real-estate", "description": "American Homes 4 Rent (AMH or the General Partner) is an internally managed Maryland real estate investment trust (REIT). American Homes 4 Rent, L.P., a Delaware limited partnership and its consolidated subsidiaries (collectively, the Operating Partnership or the OP) is the entity through which the Company conducts substantially all of its business and owns, directly or through subsidiaries, substantially all of its assets. References to the Company, we, our and us mean collectively AMH, the Operating Partnership and those entities/subsidiaries owned or controlled by AMH and/or the Operating Partnership. We are focused on developing, renovating, leasing and managing single-family homes as rental properties. We commenced operations in November 2012. Our geographically diversified portfolio of single-family homes has evolved into a nationally recognized brand that is well-known for quality, value and resident satisfaction and is well respected in our communities. Our goal is to simplify the experience of leasing a home and provide an accessible housing option to the one in three households who choose to rent in the country. Since launching our internal AMH Development Program in 2017, we have contributed to addressing the national housing shortage by developing thousands of built-for-rental homes per year to meet growing demands. At a time when housing affordability remains constrained across the country, AMH is focused on being part of the solution by expanding the housing supply, elevating the resident experience and creating value for all our stakeholders. AMH is the general partner of, and as of December 31, 2025, owned approximately 87.9% of the common partnership interest in, the Operating Partnership. The remaining 12.1% of the common partnership interest was owned by limited partners. As the sole general partner of the Operating Partnership, AMH has exclusive control of the Operating Partnership's day-to-day management. The Company's management operates AMH and the Operating Partnership as one business, and the management of AMH consists of the same members as the management of the Operating Partnership. AMH's primary function is acting as the general partner of the Operating Partnership. The only material asset of AMH is its partnership interest in the Operating Partnership. As a result, AMH generally does not conduct business itself, other than acting as the sole general partner of the Operating Partnership, issuing equity from time to time and guaranteeing certain debt of the Operating Partnership. AMH itself is not directly obligated under any indebtedness but guarantees some of the debt of the Operating Partnership. The Operating Partnership owns substantially all of the assets of the Company, including the Company's ownership interests in its joint ventures, either directly or through its subsidiaries, conducts the operations of the Company's business and is structured as a limited partnership with no publicly traded equity. AMH contributes all net proceeds from its various equity offerings to the Operating Partnership. In return for those contributions, AMH receives Operating Partnership units (OP units) equal to the number of shares it has issued in the equity offering. Based on the terms of the Agreement of Limited Partnership of the Operating Partnership, as amended, OP units can be exchanged for shares on a one for-one basis. Except for net proceeds from equity issuances by AMH, the Operating Partnership generates the capital required by the Company's business through the Operating Partnership's operations, by the Operating Partnership's incurrence of indebtedness or through the issuance of OP units. As of December 31, 2025, the Company held 61,479 single-family properties in select submarkets of metropolitan statistical areas (MSAs) within 24 states, including 1,142 properties classified as held for sale, and 56,756 of our total properties (excluding properties held for sale) were occupied. The Company also held an additional 3,785 properties in unconsolidated joint ventures as of December 31, 2025. We have an integrated operating platform that consists of 1,598 personnel dedicated to property management, development, marketing, leasing, financial and administrative functions. We believe that we have been organized and operate in conformity with the requirements for qualification and taxation as a REIT under U.S. federal income tax laws for each of our taxable years commencing with our taxable year ended December 31, 2012, through the current taxable year ended December 31, 2025. We expect to satisfy the requirements for qualification and taxation as a REIT under the U.S. federal income tax laws for our taxable year ending December 31, 2026, and subsequent taxable years. We believe that the Operating Partnership is properly treated as a partnership for federal income tax purposes. As a partnership, the Operating Partnership is not subject to U.S. federal income tax on our income. Instead, each of the Operating Partnership's partners, including AMH, is allocated, and may be required to pay tax with respect to, its share of the Operating Partnership's income. As such, no provision for U.S. federal income taxes has been included for the Operating Partnership. American Homes 4 Rent was established on October 19, 2012 and incorporated in 2012 in Maryland and is based in Las Vegas, United States."}, "AGNC": {"ticker": "AGNC", "name": "AGNC Investment Corp.", "sector": "real-estate", "description": "AGNC Investment Corp. provides private capital to housing market in the United States. It invests in residential mortgage pass-through securities and collateralized mortgage obligations for which the principal and interest payments are guaranteed by the United States government-sponsored enterprise or by the United States government agency. The company qualifies as a real estate investment trust for federal income tax purposes. It generally would not be subject to federal or state corporate income taxes if it distributes at least 90% of its taxable income to its stockholders. The company was formerly known as American Capital Agency Corp. and changed its name to AGNC Investment Corp. in September 2016. AGNC Investment Corp. was incorporated in 2008 and is headquartered in Bethesda, Maryland."}, "DOC": {"ticker": "DOC", "name": "Healthpeak Properties, Inc.", "sector": "real-estate", "description": "Healthpeak Properties, Inc. is a Standard & Poor's 500 company that owns, operates, and develops high-quality real estate focused on healthcare discovery and delivery in the United States. Our company was originally founded in 1985. We are organized as an umbrella partnership REIT. We hold substantially all our assets and conduct our operations through our operating subsidiary, Healthpeak OP, a consolidated subsidiary of which we are the managing member. We are a Maryland corporation and qualify as a self-administered REIT. We are headquartered in Denver, Colorado, with additional corporate offices in California, Tennessee, Wisconsin, and Massachusetts and property management offices in several locations throughout the U.S. We have a diversified portfolio of high-quality healthcare properties across three core asset classes of outpatient medical, lab, and continuing care retirement community real estate. Under the outpatient medical and lab segments, we own, operate, and develop outpatient medical buildings, hospitals, and lab buildings. Under the CCRC segment, our properties are operated through RIDEA structures. We have other non-reportable segments that are comprised primarily of: (i) an interest in an unconsolidated joint venture that owns 19 senior housing assets, (ii) loans receivable, and (iii) a preferred equity investment. These non-reportable segments have been presented on a combined basis herein. At September 30, 2025, our portfolio of investments, including properties in certain of our unconsolidated joint ventures, consisted of interests in 703 properties: (i) Outpatient medical \u0096 530 properties; (ii) Lab \u0096 139 properties; (iii) CCRC \u0096 15 properties; and (iv) Other non-reportable \u0096 19 properties. Healthpeak Properties, Inc. was incorporated in 1985 in Maryland, USA."}, "CPT": {"ticker": "CPT", "name": "Camden Property Trust", "sector": "real-estate", "description": "Camden Property Trust, an S&P 500 Company, is a real estate company. The firm is primarily engaged in the ownership, management, development, redevelopment, acquisition, and construction of multifamily apartment communities. Camden owns and operates 172 properties containing 58,759 apartment homes across the United States. Upon completion of 3 properties currently under development, the Company's portfolio will increase to 59,921 apartment homes in 175 properties. Camden Property Trust was established on May 25 1993 and is based in Houston, United States."}, "EGP": {"ticker": "EGP", "name": "EastGroup Properties, Inc.", "sector": "real-estate", "description": "EastGroup Properties, Inc. a member of the S&P Mid-Cap 400 and Russell 2000 Indexes. It is a self-administered equity real estate investment trust focused on the development, acquisition and operation of industrial properties in high-growth markets throughout the United States with an emphasis in the states of Texas, Florida, California, Arizona and North Carolina. The Company's goal is to maximize shareholder value by being a leading provider in its markets of functional, flexible and quality business distribution space for location sensitive customers (primarily in the 20,000 to 100,000 square foot range). The Company's strategy for growth is based on ownership of premier distribution facilities generally clustered near major transportation features in supply-constrained submarkets. East Groups portfolio, including development projects and value-add acquisitions in lease-up and under construction, currently includes approximately 65.5 million square feet. EastGroup Properties, Inc. was incorporated in 1969 and is based in Ridgeland, United States."}, "BXP": {"ticker": "BXP", "name": "BXP, Inc.", "sector": "real-estate", "description": "BXP, Inc. (BXP) is the largest publicly traded developer, owner, and manager of premier workplaces in the United States. Also, concentrated in six dynamic gateway markets - Boston, Los Angeles, New York, San Francisco, Seattle, and Washington, DC. BXP has delivered places that power progress for our clients and communities for more than 55 years. BXP is a fully integrated real estate company, organized as a real estate investment trust (REIT). As of March 31, 2026, including properties owned by joint ventures, BXP's portfolio totals 50.4 million square feet and 164 properties, including six properties under construction/redevelopment. BXP's portfolio consists of 143 office properties, 14 retail properties, six residential properties (including three residential properties under construction) and one hotel. BXP is well known for its in-house building management expertise and responsiveness to clients' needs. BXP holds a superior track record of developing premium Central Business District (CBD) office buildings, successful mixed-use complexes, suburban office centers and build-to-suit projects for a diverse array of creditworthy clients. BXP actively works to promote its growth and operations in a sustainable and responsible manner. BXP has earned a fourteenth consecutive GRESB (Green Star) recognition and the highest GRESB 5-star Rating and was named one of the world's most sustainable companies by TIME Magazine. BXP, an S&P 500 company, was founded in 1970 by Mortimer B. Zuckerman and Edward H. Linde and became a public company in 1997. BXP, Inc. was incorporated in 1970 in Delaware."}, "FRT": {"ticker": "FRT", "name": "Federal Realty Investment Trust", "sector": "real-estate", "description": "Federal Realty Investment Trust is a recognized leader in the ownership, operation and redevelopment of high-quality retail-based properties located primarily in major coastal markets and select underserved regions with strong economic and demographic fundamentals. Founded in 1962, Federal Realty's mission is to deliver long-term, sustainable growth through investing in communities where retail demand exceeds supply. This includes a portfolio of open-air shopping centers and mixed-use destinations\u0097such as Santana Row, Pike & Rose and Assembly Row\u0097which together reflect the company's ability to create distinctive, high-performing environments that serve as vibrant destinations for their communities. As of December 31, 2025, Federal Realty's 104 properties include approximately 3,700 tenants in 28.8 million commercial square feet, and approximately 2,700 residential units. Federal Realty has increased its quarterly dividends to its shareholders for 58 consecutive years, the longest record in the REIT industry. The company is an S&P 500 index member, and its shares are traded on the NYSE under the symbol FRT. Federal Realty Investment Trust was incorporated in 1962 and is based in North Bethesda, United States."}, "ADC": {"ticker": "ADC", "name": "Agree Realty Corporation", "sector": "real-estate", "description": "Agree Realty Corporation is a publicly traded real estate investment trust. The Firm is Rethinking Retail through the acquisition and development of properties net leased to industry-leading, omni-channel retail tenants. As of December 31, 2025, the Company owned and operated a portfolio of 2,674 properties, located in all 50 states and containing approximately 55.5 million square feet of gross leasable area. The Company's common stock is listed on the New York Stock Exchange. Agree Realty Corporation was incorporated in 1971 and is based in Royal Oak, United States."}, "BRX": {"ticker": "BRX", "name": "Brixmor Property Group Inc.", "sector": "real-estate", "description": "Brixmor Property Group Inc. owns and operates a high-quality, national portfolio of open-air shopping centers. The Company's 344 retail centers comprise approximately 62 million square feet of prime retail space in established trade areas. Brixmor's properties reflect their vision (to be the center of the communities we serve) and are home to a diverse mix of thriving national, regional and local retailers. Brixmor is a valued partner to a broad range of retailers, including The TJX Companies, The Kroger Co., Publix Super Markets and Ross Stores. Brixmor Property Group Inc. was established on May 27, 2011 and is based in New York, United States."}, "CUBE": {"ticker": "CUBE", "name": "CubeSmart", "sector": "real-estate", "description": "CubeSmart is a self-administered and self-managed real estate investment trust. CubeSmart owns or manages 1,514 self-storage properties across the United States. According to the 2025 Self Storage Almanac, CubeSmart is one of the top three owners and operators of self-storage properties in the U.S. Its mission is to simplify the organizational and logistical challenges created by the many life events and business needs of its customers through innovative solutions, unparalleled service, and genuine care. Its self-storage properties are designed to offer affordable, easily accessible, and, in most locations, climate-controlled storage space for residential and commercial customers. CubeSmart was incorporated in 2004 in Maryland and is based in Malvern, Pennsylvania."}, "CTRE": {"ticker": "CTRE", "name": "CareTrust REIT, Inc.", "sector": "real-estate", "description": "CareTrust REIT, Inc. is a self-administered, publicly traded REIT engaged in the ownership, acquisition, financing, development and leasing of skilled nursing, senior housing and other healthcare-related properties. As of December 31, 2025, CareTrust REIT owned, directly or indirectly in consolidated joint ventures, and leased to independent operators, 407 skilled nursing facilities (each, a SNF), senior housing communities and other properties consisting of 37,628 operational beds and units located in 32 states and the United Kingdom, with the highest concentration of properties by rental income located in California, the U.K., Texas, and Tennessee. As of December 31, 2025, we also had other real estate related investments consisting of four preferred equity investments, 16 real estate secured loans receivable and five mezzanine loans receivable with a carrying value of 899.3 million US dollars and one financing receivable with a carrying value of 92.2 million US dollars. CareTrust REIT, Inc. was established and incorporated on October 29, 2013 and is based in Dana Point, United States."}, "REXR": {"ticker": "REXR", "name": "Rexford Industrial Realty, Inc.", "sector": "real-estate", "description": "Rexford Industrial Realty, Inc. creates value by investing in, operating and repositioning industrial properties throughout infill Southern California, the world's fourth largest industrial market and consistently the highest-demand with lowest-supply major market in the nation over the long term. The Company's highly differentiated strategy enables internal and external growth opportunities through its proprietary value creation and asset management capabilities. Rexford Industrial's high-quality, irreplaceable portfolio comprised 419 properties with approximately 51.2 million rentable square feet occupied by a stable and diverse tenant base. Structured as a real estate investment trust (REIT) listed on the New York Stock Exchange. Rexford Industrial is an S&P MidCap 400 Index member. Rexford Industrial Realty, Inc. was incorporated on January 18th, 2013 and is based in Los Angeles, United States."}, "FR": {"ticker": "FR", "name": "First Industrial Realty Trust, Inc.", "sector": "real-estate", "description": "First Industrial Realty Trust, Inc. is a leading U.S.-only owner, operator, developer and acquirer of logistics properties. Through our fully integrated operating and investing platform, we provide high quality facilities and industry-leading customer service to multinational corporations and regional firms that are essential for their supply chains. In total, we own and have under development approximately 71.6 million square feet of industrial space concentrated in 15 target MSAs as of March 31, 2026. First Industrial Realty Trust, Inc. was established on August 10, 1993 and is based in Chicago, United States."}, "NNN": {"ticker": "NNN", "name": "NNN REIT, Inc.", "sector": "real-estate", "description": "NNN REIT, Inc. invests in high-quality properties subject generally to long-term, net leases with minimal ongoing capital expenditures. As of December 31, 2025, the Company owned 3,692 properties in all 50 states, the District of Columbia and Puerto Rico with a gross leasable area of approximately 39.6 million square feet and a weighted average remaining lease term of 10.2 years. NNN is one of only three publicly traded real estate investment trusts to have increased annual dividends for 36 or more consecutive years. NNN REIT, Inc. was incorporated in August 1984 in Maryland and is based in Orlando, United States."}, "NVDA": {"ticker": "NVDA", "name": "NVIDIA Corporation", "sector": "technology", "description": "NVIDIA Corporation operates as a data center scale AI infrastructure company. The company operates through two segments, Compute & Networking, and Graphics segments. The Compute & Networking segment provides data center accelerated computing and networking platforms and artificial intelligence solutions and software, and automotive platforms and autonomous and electric vehicle solutions, including software. The Graphics segment offers GeForce GPUs for gaming and PCs; Quadro/NVIDIA RTX GPUs for enterprise workstation graphics. The company's products are used in gaming, professional visualization, data center, and automotive markets. The company sells its products to original equipment manufacturers, original device manufacturers, system integrators and distributors, independent software vendors, cloud service providers, add-in board manufacturers, distributors, automotive manufacturers and tier-1 automotive suppliers, and other ecosystem participants worldwide. It has a collaboration with Tech Mahindra Limited to develop artificial intelligence powered telco network operations reasoning agent. The company has a strategic partnership with Lumentum Holdings Inc. to develop optics technologies for AI and data centers. It also has a strategic partnership with Nebius Group N.V. to develop and deploy hyperscale cloud for the artificial intelligence market; and has a strategic partnership with IREN Limited to accelerate deployment of up to 5 gigawatts of infrastructure. NVIDIA Corporation was incorporated in 1993 and is headquartered in Santa Clara, California."}, "AAPL": {"ticker": "AAPL", "name": "Apple Inc.", "sector": "technology", "description": "Apple Inc. designs, manufactures, and markets smartphones, personal computers, tablets, wearables, and accessories worldwide. The company offers iPhone, a line of smartphones; Mac, a line of personal computers; iPad, a line of multi-purpose tablets; and wearables, home, and accessories comprising AirPods, Apple Vision Pro, Apple TV, Apple Watch, Beats products, and HomePod, as well as Apple branded and third-party accessories. It also provides AppleCare support and cloud services; and operates various platforms, including the App Store that allow customers to discover and download applications and digital content, such as books, music, video, games, and podcasts, as well as advertising services include third-party licensing arrangements and its own advertising platforms. In addition, the company offers various subscription-based services, such as Apple Arcade, a game subscription service; Apple Fitness+, a personalized fitness service; Apple Music, which offers users a curated listening experience with on-demand radio stations; Apple News+, a subscription news and magazine service; Apple TV, which offers exclusive original content and live sports; Apple Card, a co-branded credit card; and Apple Pay, a cashless payment service, as well as licenses its intellectual property. The company serves consumers, and small and mid-sized businesses; and the education, enterprise, and government markets. It distributes third-party applications for its products through the App Store. The company also sells its products through its retail and online stores, and direct sales force; and third-party cellular network carriers and resellers. The company was formerly known as Apple Computer, Inc. and changed its name to Apple Inc. in January 2007. Apple Inc. was founded in 1976 and is headquartered in Cupertino, California."}, "MSFT": {"ticker": "MSFT", "name": "Microsoft Corporation", "sector": "technology", "description": "Microsoft Corporation develops and supports software, services, devices, and solutions worldwide. The Productivity and Business Processes segment offers Microsoft 365 commercial, enterprise mobility + security, windows commercial, power BI, exchange, sharepoint, Microsoft teams, security and compliance, and copilot; Microsoft 365 commercial products, such as Windows commercial on-premises and office licensed services; Microsoft 365 consumer products and cloud services, including Microsoft 365 consumer subscriptions, office licensed on-premises, and other consumer services; LinkedIn; dynamics products and cloud services, such as dynamics 365, cloud-based applications, and on-premises ERP and CRM applications. Its Intelligent Cloud segment provides Server products and cloud services comprising Azure and other cloud services, GitHub, Nuance Healthcare, virtual desktop offerings, and other cloud services; server products, including SQL and windows server, visual studio and system center related client access licenses, and other on-premises offerings; enterprise and partner services, such as enterprise support and nuance professional services, industry solutions, Microsoft partner network, and learning experience. The Personal Computing segment provides windows and devices, such as Windows OEM licensing and devices and surface and PC accessories; gaming services and solutions, such as Xbox hardware, content, and services, first- and third-party content Xbox game pass, subscriptions, and cloud gaming, advertising, and other cloud services; search and news advertising services that includes Bing and Copilot, Microsoft News and Edge, and third-party affiliates. It sells its products through OEMs, distributors, and resellers; and online and retail stores. The company was founded in 1975 and is headquartered in Redmond, Washington."}, "AVGO": {"ticker": "AVGO", "name": "Broadcom Inc.", "sector": "technology", "description": "Broadcom Inc. designs, develops, and supplies various semiconductor devices and infrastructure software solutions internationally. The company operates in two segments: Semiconductor Solutions and Infrastructure Software. The company offers networking connectivity, such as custom silicon solutions, ethernet switching & routing, ethernet NIC controllers, physical layer devices, and fiber optic components; wireless device connectivity, including RF semiconductor devices, connectivity solutions, custom touch controllers, and inductive charging ASICS; servers and storage system solutions, such as PCIE switches, SAS & raid products, fibre channel products, and HDD & SSD solutions; broadband solutions, includes set-top box, and broadband access; and industrial. The company also offers a private cloud software portfolio, including the VMware Cloud Foundation, Edge, vSphere foundation, telco cloud platform, private AI, live recovery, application networking and security, application development and data services; mainframe software, such as AIOPS & automation, database & data management, DEVX & DEVOPS, cybersecurity & compliance management, beyond code programs, foundational & open mainframe solutions; cybersecurity, such as endpoint, network, information, application security, and identity & access management; enterprise software; and fc san management. Its products are used in various applications in enterprise and data center networking, including artificial intelligence networking and connectivity, home connectivity, set-top boxes, broadband access, telecommunication equipment, wireless device and base stations, data center servers and storage systems, factory automation, power generation and alternative energy systems, and electronic displays. Broadcom Inc. was founded in 1961 and is headquartered in Palo Alto, California."}, "MU": {"ticker": "MU", "name": "Micron Technology, Inc.", "sector": "technology", "description": "Micron Technology, Inc. designs, develops, manufactures, and sells memory and storage products in the United States, Taiwan, Japan, Mainland China, Hong Kong, Europe, and internationally. It operates through the Cloud Memory Business Unit; Core Data Center Business Unit; Mobile and Client Business Unit; and Automotive and Embedded Business Unit segments. The company provides memory products, including dynamic random access memory components and modules, CXL-based memory, LPDDR components and modules, graphics memory, high-bandwidth memory, and data center memory products; multichip packages (MCP) comprising embedded multimedia card-based, universal flash storage-based, and NAND-based MCPs; and technology leadership products that include 1y DRAM and G9 NAND technologies. It also offers storage products, such as data center solid-state drives (SSD), client SSD storage, and auto and industrial SSD storage; managed NAND; NAND flash; NOR flash; and memory cards. In addition, the company provides design tools, including FBGA and part decoders; DRAM power calculators; NAND power calculators; simulation models; chipset compatibility guides; serial presence-detection tools; cross-reference tools; UFSparm; SSD firmware; software and drivers; storage executive software; and obsolete part catalogs. It markets its semiconductor memory and storage products under the Micron and Crucial brands. The company serves the data center, PC, graphics, networking, automotive, industrial, and consumer embedded markets, as well as the smartphone and other mobile-device markets. It sells its products through its direct sales force, independent sales representatives, distributors, and retailers; web-based customer direct sales channel; and channel and distribution partners. Micron Technology, Inc. was founded in 1978 and is headquartered in Boise, Idaho."}, "ORCL": {"ticker": "ORCL", "name": "Oracle Corporation", "sector": "technology", "description": "Oracle Corporation offers products and services that address enterprise information technology environments worldwide. Its Oracle cloud software as a service offering include various cloud software applications, including Oracle Fusion cloud enterprise resource planning ERP, Oracle Fusion cloud enterprise performance management EPM, Oracle Fusion cloud supply chain and manufacturing management SCM, Oracle Fusion cloud human capital management HCM, and NetSuite applications suite, Oracle Health applications, as well as Oracle Fusion Sales, Service, and Marketing. The company also offers cloud-based industry solutions for various industries; Oracle cloud license and on-premise license; and Oracle license support services. In addition, it provides cloud and license business' infrastructure technologies, such as the Oracle Database and MySQL Database; Java, a software development language; and middleware, including development tools and others. The company's cloud and license business' infrastructure technologies also comprise cloud-based compute, storage, and networking capabilities; and Oracle autonomous database, as well as AI, Internet-of-Things, machine learning, digital assistant, and blockchain. Further, it provides hardware products and other hardware-related software offerings, including Oracle engineered systems, enterprise servers, storage solutions, industry-specific hardware, virtualization software, operating systems, management software, and related hardware support services, and consulting and advanced customer services. It markets and sells its cloud, license, hardware, support, and services offerings directly to businesses in various industries, government agencies, and educational institutions, as well as through indirect channels. Oracle Corporation has a strategic alliance with Metron, Inc. The company was founded in 1977 and is headquartered in Austin, Texas."}, "AMD": {"ticker": "AMD", "name": "Advanced Micro Devices, Inc.", "sector": "technology", "description": "Advanced Micro Devices, Inc. operates as a semiconductor company internationally. It operates in three segments: Data Center, Client and Gaming, and Embedded. The company offers artificial intelligence (AI) accelerators, microprocessors, and graphics processing units (GPUs) as standalone devices or as incorporated into accelerated processing units, chipsets, and data center and professional GPUs; and embedded processors and semi-custom system-on-chip (SoC) products, microprocessor and SoC development services and technology, data processing units, field programmable gate arrays (FPGA), system on modules, AI network interface cards, and adaptive SoC products. It provides processors under the AMD Ryzen, AMD Ryzen AI, AMD Ryzen PRO, AMD Ryzen Threadripper, AMD Ryzen Threadripper PRO, AMD Athlon, and AMD PRO A-Series brands; graphics under the AMD Radeon graphics and AMD Embedded Radeon graphics; professional graphics under the AMD Radeon Pro graphics brand; and AI and general-purpose compute infrastructure for hyperscale providers. The company offers data center graphics under the AMD Instinct accelerators and Radeon PRO V-series brands; server microprocessors under the AMD EPYC brand; low power solutions under the AMD Athlon, AMD Geode, AMD Ryzen, AMD EPYC, and AMD R-Series and G-Series brands; FPGA products under the Virtex-6, Virtex-7, Virtex UltraScale+, Kintex-7, Kintex UltraScale, Kintex UltraScale+, Artix-7, Artix UltraScale+, Spartan-6, and Spartan-7 brands; adaptive SOCs under the Zynq-7000, Zynq UltraScale+ MPSoC, Zynq UltraScale+ RFSoCs, Versal HBM, Versal Premium, Versal Prime, Versal AI Core, Versal AI Edge, Vitis, and Vivado brands; and compute and network acceleration board products under the Alveo and Pensando brands. It serves original equipment and design manufacturers, public cloud service providers, system integrators, distributors, and add-in-board manufacturers. The company was incorporated in 1969 and is headquartered in Santa Clara, California."}, "INTC": {"ticker": "INTC", "name": "Intel Corporation", "sector": "technology", "description": "Intel Corporation designs, develops, manufactures, markets, sells, and services computing and related end products and services in the United States, Ireland, Israel, and internationally. It operates through three segments: CCG, DCAI, and Intel Foundry. The company offers client computing group products, including client and commercial CPUs, discrete client GPUs, edge computing, and connectivity products; data center and AI products, such as server CPUs, discrete GPUs, and networking products; and semiconductors comprising wafer fabrication, substrates, and other related products and services. It also provides driving assistance and self-driving solutions; and develops and manufactures multi-beam mask writing tools. The company sells its products through sales organizations, distributors, resellers, retailers, and OEM partners. It serves original equipment manufacturers, original design manufacturers, cloud service providers, and other manufacturers and service providers. Intel Corporation has a strategic collaboration with Infosys Limited to develop a multi-layer AI fabric that unifies infrastructure, models, data, applications, and workflows into a composable and agent-ready ecosystem. The company was incorporated in 1968 and is headquartered in Santa Clara, California."}, "CSCO": {"ticker": "CSCO", "name": "Cisco Systems, Inc.", "sector": "technology", "description": "Cisco Systems, Inc. designs, develops, and sells technologies that help to power, secure, and draw insights from the internet in the Americas, Europe, the Middle East, Africa, the Asia Pacific, Japan, and China. The company offers data center switching; network security, identity and access management, and secure access service edge; threat intelligence, detection, and response solutions; interconnects public and private wireline and mobile networks, delivering connectivity to campus, data center, and branch networks; WEBEX suite, collaboration devices, and contact center; communication platform as a service software, including perpetual licenses, subscription arrangements, and hardware solutions; network assurance, monitoring and analytics, and observability suite; issue resolution, software support, and hardware replacement; professional services, such as planning, design, implementation, and high-value consulting; service and support packages, financing, and managed network services; and regional, national, and international wireline carriers, webscale products, internet, and cable. It also delivers connectivity to campus, data center, and branch networks; wireless products, including indoor and outdoor wireless coverage designed for seamless roaming use of voice, video, and data applications; end-to-end collaboration solutions through cloud, on-premise, or within hybrid cloud environments, transition collaboration solutions from on-premise to the cloud; and network assurance, monitoring and analytics, and observability suite. In addition, it offers technical support and advisory services. The company serves businesses, public institutions, governments, and service providers. It sells its products and services directly, through systems integrators, service providers, resellers, and distributors. Cisco Systems, Inc. was incorporated in 1984 and is headquartered in San Jose, California."}, "LRCX": {"ticker": "LRCX", "name": "Lam Research Corporation", "sector": "technology", "description": "Lam Research Corporation designs, manufactures, markets, refurbishes, and services semiconductor processing equipment used in the fabrication of integrated circuits in the United States, China, Korea, Taiwan, Japan, Southeast Asia, and Europe. The company offers ALTUS systems to deposit conformal or selective films for tungsten or molybdenum metallization applications; SABRE electrochemical deposition products for copper interconnect transition that offers copper damascene manufacturing; SPEED gapfill high-density plasma chemical vapor deposition (CVD) products; Striker single-wafer atomic layer deposition products for dielectric film solutions; and VECTOR plasma-enhanced CVD products. It also provides Flex for dielectric etch applications; Vantex, a dielectric etch system that provides RF technology and repeatable wafer-to-wafer performance enabled by Equipment Intelligence solutions; Kiyo for conductor etch applications; Syndion for through-silicon via etch applications; and Versys metal products for metal etch processes. In addition, the company offers Coronus bevel clean products to enhance die yield; and Da Vinci, DV-Prime, EOS, and SP series products to address various wafer cleaning applications. Further, it provides Reliant deposition, etch, and clean products; and Sense.i platform products, as well as customer service, spares, and upgrades. Lam Research Corporation was incorporated in 1980 and is headquartered in Fremont, California."}, "AMAT": {"ticker": "AMAT", "name": "Applied Materials, Inc.", "sector": "technology", "description": "Applied Materials, Inc. provides materials engineering solutions, equipment, services, and software to the semiconductor and related industries in the United States, China, Korea, Taiwan, Japan, Southeast Asia, Europe, and internationally. The company operates through Semiconductor Systems and Applied Global Services (AGS) segments. The Semiconductor Systems segment includes semiconductor capital equipment to enable materials engineering steps, including etch, rapid thermal processing, deposition, chemical mechanical planarization, metrology and inspection, wafer packaging, and ion implantation. The AGS segment offers integrated solutions to optimize equipment and fab performance and productivity comprising spares, upgrades, services, and 200 millimeter and other equipment and factory automation software for semiconductor and other products. It serves manufacturers of semiconductor wafers and chips, and other electronic devices. Applied Materials, Inc. was incorporated in 1967 and is headquartered in Santa Clara, California."}, "IBM": {"ticker": "IBM", "name": "International Business Machines Corporation", "sector": "technology", "description": "International Business Machines Corporation, together with its subsidiaries, provides integrated solutions and services in the Americas, Europe, the Middle East, Africa, and the Asia Pacific. It operates through Software, Consulting, Infrastructure, and Financing segments. The Software segment offers hybrid cloud and AI platforms that allow clients to realize their digital and AI transformations across the applications, data, and environments in which they operate. The Consulting segment delivers strategy and technology services and intelligent operations, providing business transformation, technology implementation, managed services, application modernization, and AI-powered solutions. The Infrastructure segment provides on-premises and cloud-based server, and storage solutions, as well as life-cycle services for hybrid cloud infrastructure deployment. Its Financing segment offers client and commercial financing, and facilitates IBM clients' acquisition of hardware, software, and services. It has strategic partnerships with various companies, including hyperscalers, service providers, global system integrators, and software and hardware vendors that include Adobe, Amazon Web Services, Microsoft, Oracle, Salesforce, Samsung Electronics and SAP, and others. Additionally, the company operate a data streaming platform. The company has a strategic collaboration with Arm Holdings plc for the development of new dual-architecture hardware that helps enterprises run future AI and data intensive workloads. The company was formerly known as Computing-Tabulating-Recording Co. International Business Machines Corporation was incorporated in 1911 and is headquartered in Armonk, New York."}, "KLAC": {"ticker": "KLAC", "name": "KLA Corporation", "sector": "technology", "description": "KLA Corporation, together with its subsidiaries, designs, manufactures, and markets process control, process-enabling, and yield management solutions for the semiconductor and related electronics industries worldwide. The company operates through three segments: Semiconductor Process Control; Specialty Semiconductor Process; and PCB and Component Inspection. It offers inspection and review tools to identify, locate, characterize, review, and analyze defects on various surfaces of patterned and unpatterned wafers; metrology systems to measure pattern dimensions, film thickness, film stress, layer-to-layer alignment, pattern placement, surface topography, and electro-optical properties for wafers; chemical process control equipment; wired and wireless sensor wafers and reticles; wafer defect inspection, review, and metrology systems; reticle inspection and metrology systems; wafer inspection and metrology systems; and semiconductor software solutions that provide run-time process control, defect excursion identification, process corrections, and defect classification to accelerate yield learning rates and reduce production risk. The company also provides etch, plasma dicing, deposition, and other wafer processing technologies and solutions for the semiconductor and microelectronics industry. In addition, it offers direct imaging, inspection, optical shaping, inkjet and additive printing, and computer-aided manufacturing and engineering solutions for the PCB market and inspection and metrology systems for quality control and yield improvement in advanced and traditional semiconductor packaging markets. The company was formerly known as KLA-Tencor Corporation and changed its name to KLA Corporation in July 2019. KLA Corporation was incorporated in 1975 and is headquartered in Milpitas, California."}, "TXN": {"ticker": "TXN", "name": "Texas Instruments Incorporated", "sector": "technology", "description": "Texas Instruments Incorporated designs, manufactures, and sells semiconductors to electronics designers and manufacturers in the United States, China, the rest of Asia, Europe, the Middle East, Africa, Japan, and internationally. It operates through Analog and Embedded Processing segments. The Analog segment offers power products to manage power requirements across various voltage levels, including battery-management solutions, DC/DC switching regulators, AC/DC and isolated controllers and converters, power switches, linear regulators, voltage references, multiphase controllers and power stages, and lighting products. This segment also provides signal chain products that sense, condition, and measure real-world signals and convert them into data to be transferred or converted for further processing and control, such as amplifiers, data converters, interface products, motor drives, clocks, and logic and sensing products. The Embedded Processing segment offers microcontrollers, processors, wireless connectivity, and radar products; and applications processors for specific computing activity. It also provides DLP products primarily for use in projecting high-definition images; calculators; and application-specific integrated circuits. Its products are used in various markets, such as industrial, automotive, personal electronics, communications equipment, enterprise systems, calculators, and others. The company markets and sells its semiconductor products through direct sales and distributors, as well as through its website. Texas Instruments Incorporated was founded in 1930 and is headquartered in Dallas, Texas."}, "ANET": {"ticker": "ANET", "name": "Arista Networks, Inc.", "sector": "technology", "description": "Arista Networks, Inc. engages in the development, marketing, and sale of data-driven, client to cloud networking solutions for AI, data center, campus, and routing environments in the Americas, Europe, the Middle East, Africa, and the Asia-Pacific. Its cloud networking solutions consist of Extensible Operating System (EOS), a publish-subscribe state-sharing networking operating system offered in combination with a set of network applications. The company offers data center, cloud and AI networking, cognitive adjacencies, and cognitive network software and services. It also provides post contract customer support services, such as technical support, hardware repair and replacement parts beyond standard warranty, bug fixes, patches, and upgrade services. The company serves a range of industries comprising internet companies, cloud service providers, financial services organizations, government agencies, media and entertainment, healthcare, oil and gas, education, manufacturing, industrial, and others. It markets and sells its products through distributors, system integrators, value-added resellers, and original equipment manufacturer partners, as well as through its direct sales force. Arista Networks, Inc. was formerly known as Arastra, Inc. and changed its name to Arista Networks, Inc. in October 2008. The company was incorporated in 2004 and is headquartered in Santa Clara, California."}, "APH": {"ticker": "APH", "name": "Amphenol Corporation", "sector": "technology", "description": "Amphenol Corporation, together with its subsidiaries, designs, manufactures, and markets electrical, electronic, and fiber optic connectors in the United States, China, and internationally. It operates through three segments: Communications Solutions, Harsh Environment Solutions, and Interconnect and Sensor Systems. The company offers connectors and connector systems, including high speed, radio frequency, power, fiber optic and other interconnect products; busbars and power distribution systems; power interconnect products; and other products. It also provides value-add products, such as backplane interconnect systems, cable assemblies and harnesses, and cable management products; and other products comprising flexible and rigid printed circuit boards, hinges, other mechanical, and production related products. In addition, the company offers consumer device, network infrastructure, and other antennas; coaxial, power, and specialty cables; and sensors and sensor-based products. It sells its products through its sales force, independent representatives, and a network of electronics distributors to original equipment manufacturers, electronic manufacturing services companies, original design manufacturers, and service providers in the automotive, commercial aerospace, communications networks, defense, industrial, information technology and data communications, mobile devices markets. Additionally, the company provides telecommunication and IT networking solutions. The company was founded in 1932 and is headquartered in Wallingford, Connecticut."}, "ADI": {"ticker": "ADI", "name": "Analog Devices, Inc.", "sector": "technology", "description": "Analog Devices, Inc. engages in the design, manufacture, testing, and marketing of integrated circuits (ICs), software, and subsystems products in the United States, rest of North and South America, Europe, Japan, China, and rest of Asia. It provides data converter products, which translate real-world analog signals into digital data, as well as translates digital data into analog signals; power management and reference products for power conversion, driver monitoring, sequencing, and energy management applications in the automotive, communications, industrial, and consumer markets; and power ICs that include performance, integration, and software design simulation tools for accurate power supply designs. The company also offers amplifiers to condition analog signals; and radio frequency and microwave ICs to support cellular infrastructure; and micro-electro-mechanical systems technology solutions, including accelerometers used to sense acceleration, gyroscopes for sense rotation, inertial measurement units to sense multiple degrees of freedom, and broadband switches for radio and instrument systems, as well as isolators. In addition, it provides digital signal processing and system products for numeric calculations. The company serves clients in the industrial, automotive, consumer, instrumentation, aerospace, defense and healthcare, and communications markets through a direct sales force, third-party distributors, and independent sales representatives, as well as online. The company was incorporated in 1965 and is headquartered in Wilmington, Massachusetts."}, "CRM": {"ticker": "CRM", "name": "Salesforce, Inc.", "sector": "technology", "description": "Salesforce, Inc. provides customer relationship management technology services that connect companies and customers together in the United States, Europe, and the Asia Pacific. The company offers Agentforce, which enables customers to build, deploy, and manage enterprise-grade, autonomous AI agents at scale, enabling humans and agents to work together; Agentforce Sales, an integrated platform that brings together the power of humans with AI agents to help sales teams for selling, managing, and automating entire sales processes; Agentforce Service, which enables companies in every industry to bring all of their customer, employee, IT, and field service needs onto one integrated AI-powered platform; Data 360, a data engine that gives AI agents their context and serves as the foundation for how customers unify service offerings, making their data actionable for both humans and agents; Informatica, an AI-powered data management platform that enables customers to discover, integrate, govern, and deliver trusted data at scale across hybrid and multi-cloud environments; and Slack, a conversational interface for the agentic enterprise where people and agents work together, connecting knowledge, actions, and data in real time. It also provides marketing platforms; commerce services, which empower shopping experiences across various customer touchpoints; integration and analytics solutions; Salesforce Starter, a suite for small and medium-sized businesses that brings sales, service, marketing, and commerce together; and a field service solution that enables companies to connect service agents, dispatchers, and mobile employees through one centralized platform to schedule and dispatch work, as well as track and manage jobs. It serves financial services, healthcare and life sciences, manufacturing, automotive, and government sectors. Salesforce, Inc. was incorporated in 1999 and is headquartered in San Francisco, California."}, "SHOP": {"ticker": "SHOP", "name": "Shopify Inc.", "sector": "technology", "description": "Shopify Inc., a commerce technology company, provides tools to start, scale, market, and run a business of various sizes in Canada, the United States, Europe, the Middle East, Africa, the Asia Pacific, and Latin America. The Company offers Shopify platform that enables merchants to manage products and inventory, process orders and payments, fulfill and ship orders, build customer relationships, source products, leverage analytics, and reporting and access financing for running their business across all of their sales channels, including web and mobile storefronts, physical retail locations, social media storefronts, and marketplaces. It also provides Shopify Payments, a fully integrated payment processing service that allows merchants to accept and process payment cards online and offline. In addition, the company engages in the sale of themes and apps; shipping labels through Shopify Shipping; point-of-sale hardware; advertising on the Shopify App Store; and Shop Campaigns for buyer acquisitions, as well as registration of domain names. The company was formerly known as Jaded Pixel Technologies Inc. and changed its name to Shopify Inc. in November 2011. Shopify Inc. was incorporated in 2004 and is based in Ottawa, Canada."}, "UBER": {"ticker": "UBER", "name": "Uber Technologies, Inc.", "sector": "technology", "description": "Uber Technologies, Inc. develops and operates proprietary technology applications in the United States, Canada, Latin America, Europe, the Middle East, Africa, and the Asia Pacific. The company operates through three segments: Mobility, Delivery, and Freight. The Mobility segment connects consumers with a range of transportation modalities, such as ridesharing, carsharing, micromobility, rentals, public transit, taxis, and other modalities; and offers riders in a variety of vehicle types, as well as financial partnerships products and advertising services. The Delivery segment allows consumers to search for and discover restaurants to grocery, alcohol, convenience, and other retailers, as well as order a meal or other items, and either pick-up at the restaurant or have it delivered; and provides Uber direct, a white-label delivery-as-a-service for retailers and restaurants, as well as advertising services. The Freight segment manages transportation and logistics networks, which connects shippers and carriers in digital marketplace, including carriers upfronts, pricing, and shipment booking; and offers on-demand platform to automate logistics end-to-end transactions for small-and medium-sized businesses to global enterprises. The company was formerly known as Ubercab, Inc. and changed its name to Uber Technologies, Inc. in February 2011. Uber Technologies, Inc. was founded in 2009 and is headquartered in San Francisco, California."}, "QCOM": {"ticker": "QCOM", "name": "QUALCOMM Incorporated", "sector": "technology", "description": "QUALCOMM Incorporated engages in the development and commercialization of foundational technologies for the wireless industry worldwide. It operates through three segments: Qualcomm CDMA Technologies (QCT); Qualcomm Technology Licensing (QTL); and Qualcomm Strategic Initiatives (QSI). The QCT segment develops and supplies integrated circuits and system software with connectivity and computing technologies for use in mobile devices; automotive systems for connectivity, digital cockpit, and ADAS/AD; and IoT, including consumer electronic devices, industrial devices, and edge networking products. The QTL segment grants licenses or provides rights to use portions of its intellectual property portfolio, which include various patent rights useful in the manufacture and sale of wireless products comprising products implementing LTE, and/or OFDMA-based 5G products and derivatives; to use cellular standard-essential patents, including 3G, 4G and 5G for cellular devices. The QSI segment invests in early-stage companies in various industries, including 5G, artificial intelligence, automotive, consumer, enterprise, cloud, IoT, and extended reality, and investments, including non-marketable equity securities and, to a lesser extent, marketable equity securities, and convertible debt instruments. It also provides development, and other services and sells related products to the United States government agencies and their contractors. In addition, the company is also involved in Qualcomm government technologies and data center businesses. QUALCOMM Incorporated was incorporated in 1985 and is headquartered in San Diego, California."}, "GLW": {"ticker": "GLW", "name": "Corning Incorporated", "sector": "technology", "description": "Corning Incorporated operates in optical communications, display, specialty materials, automotive, and life sciences businesses in the United States, Canada, Mexico, Japan, Taiwan, China, South Korea, Germany, and internationally. The company provides optical fibers and cables; and hardware and equipment products, such as cable assemblies, fiber optic hardware and connectors, optical components and couplers, closures, network interface devices, and other accessories for the telecommunications industry, businesses, governments, and individuals. It also offers glass substrates for flat panel displays, including liquid crystal displays and organic light-emitting diodes that are used in televisions, notebook computers, desktop monitors, tablets, and handheld devices. In addition, it manufactures products that offer material formulations for glass, glass ceramics, crystals, precision metrology instruments, and software, as well as glass wafers and substrates, tinted sunglasses, and radiation shielding products for markets, such as mobile consumer electronics, semiconductor equipment optics and consumables, aerospace and defense optics, radiation shielding products, sunglasses, and telecommunications components. Further, the company provides ceramic substrates and filter products for emissions control in mobile, gasoline, and diesel applications, as well as technical glass and optic products and solutions for the interior and exterior of vehicles. Additionally, it offers laboratory products, including plastic vessels, liquid handling plastics, specialty surfaces, cell culture media, and serum, as well as general labware, and glassware and equipment under the Corning, Falcon, PYREX, and Axygen brands. It also offers polysilicon products and pharmaceutical glass tubing and vials. The company was formerly known as Corning Glass Works and changed its name to Corning Incorporated in April 1989. Corning Incorporated was founded in 1851 and is headquartered in Corning, New York."}, "PANW": {"ticker": "PANW", "name": "Palo Alto Networks, Inc.", "sector": "technology", "description": "Palo Alto Networks, Inc. provides cybersecurity solutions in the Americas, Europe, the Middle East, Africa, the Asia Pacific, and Japan. It offers Prisma Access, a secure access service edge solution; Strata Cloud Manager, a network security management solution; and Prisma AIRS to protect customers' entire AI ecosystem. It provides a comprehensive cloud native application protection platform; and Code to Cloud platform, as well as offers VM-Series and CN-Series virtual firewalls for inline network security on multi- and hybrid-cloud environments. It provides security operation solutions through the Cortex platform that includes Cortex XSIAM, an AI-driven security operations platform; Cortex XDR to prevent, detect, and respond to cybersecurity attacks; and Cortex XSOAR for security orchestration, automation, and response; and Cortex Xpanse for attack surface management, as well as offers threat intelligence and advisory services under the Unit 42 name. It provides subscription services covering the areas of threat prevention, malware and persistent threat, URL filtering, laptop and mobile device protection, DNS security, Internet of Things security, SaaS security API, and SaaS security inline; and threat intelligence, data loss prevention, services to resolve network disruptions, and sensitive data protection. It offers professional services, including architecture design and planning, implementation, configuration, and firewall migration; education services, such as certifications, as well as online and in-classroom training; and support services. It sells its products and services through its channel partners, as well as directly to enterprises, service providers, and government entities operating in various industries, including education, energy, financial services, government entities, healthcare, Internet and media, manufacturing, public sector, and telecommunications. The company was incorporated in 2005 and is headquartered in Santa Clara, California."}, "DELL": {"ticker": "DELL", "name": "Dell Technologies Inc.", "sector": "technology", "description": "Dell Technologies Inc. designs, develops, manufactures, markets, sells, and supports various comprehensive and integrated solutions, products, and services in the Americas, Europe, the Middle East, Asia, and internationally. The company operates through Infrastructure Solutions Group (ISG) and Client Solutions Group (CSG) segments. The ISG segment provides modern and traditional storage solutions, including all-flash, purpose-built, hyper-converged infrastructure, software-defined storage, and general-purpose and AI-optimized servers. This segment also offers networking products and services comprising wide area network infrastructure, data center and edge networking switches, and cables and optics that help its business customers to transform and modernize their infrastructure and complementing its server and storage solutions; and software, peripherals, and services, including consulting and support, and deployment. The CSG segment provides notebooks, desktops, and workstations and branded peripherals that include displays, docking stations, keyboards, mice, webcam and audio devices, and third-party software and peripherals; and configuration, and extended warranties services. The company is involved in originating, collecting, and servicing customer financing arrangements and offers payment and consumption solutions and services, such utility, subscription, as-a-service, leases, and loans, as well as fixed-term leases and loans. It serves enterprises, governmental agencies and other public institutions, educational institutions, healthcare organizations, small and medium-sized businesses, and consumers. The company was formerly known as Denali Holding Inc. and changed its name to Dell Technologies Inc. in March 2013. Dell Technologies Inc. was founded in 1984 and is headquartered in Round Rock, Texas."}, "WDC": {"ticker": "WDC", "name": "Western Digital Corporation", "sector": "technology", "description": "Western Digital Corporation develops, manufactures, and sells data storage devices and solutions based on hard disk drive (HDD) technology in the United States, Asia, Europe, the Middle East, and Africa. The company offers internal HDDs, data center drives, data center platforms, external drives, portable drives, NAS for home and office, and accessories. It sells its data storage devices and solutions through its computer manufacturers, sales personnel, dealers, distributors, and retailers. The company has a collaboration with Open Quantum Design for the development of quantum error correction technology and related systems to advance reliable quantum computing. Western Digital Corporation was founded in 1970 and is headquartered in San Jose, California."}, "STX": {"ticker": "STX", "name": "Seagate Technology Holdings plc", "sector": "technology", "description": "Seagate Technology Holdings plc engages in the provision of data storage technology and infrastructure solutions in Singapore, the United States, the Netherlands, and internationally. The company offers mass capacity storage products, including enterprise nearline hard disk drives (HDDs), enterprise nearline solid state drives (SSDs), enterprise nearline systems, video and image HDDs, and network-attached storage drives. It also offers legacy applications comprising Mission Critical HDDs and SSDs; external storage solutions under the Seagate Ultra Touch, One Touch, Expansion, and Basics product lines, as well as under the LaCie brand name; desktop drives for personal computers and workstation applications; notebook drives traditional notebooks, convertible systems, and external storage applications, DVR HDDs for video streaming applications, and gaming SSDs for gaming rigs. In addition, the company provides Lyve edge-to-cloud mass capacity platform, that includes modular hardware and software to support enterprises' on-premise and cloud storage infrastructure needs. It sells its products primarily to original equipment manufacturers, distributors, and retailers. The company was founded in 1978 and is based in Singapore."}, "MRVL": {"ticker": "MRVL", "name": "Marvell Technology, Inc.", "sector": "technology", "description": "Marvell Technology, Inc., together with its subsidiaries, provides data infrastructure semiconductor solutions and spanning the data center core to network edge in the United States, Argentina, China, India, Israel, Japan, Singapore, South Korea, Taiwan, Vietnam, and internationally. The company develops and scales system-on-a-chip architectures, integrating analog, mixed-signal, and digital signal processing functionality. It offers a portfolio of ethernet solutions, including spanning controllers, network adapters, physical transceivers, and switches; single or multiple core processors; and custom application specific integrated circuits, interconnects, fibre channel adapters, and processors. The company also provides interconnect products, including pulse amplitude modulation, coherent and coherent-lite digital signal processors (DSPs), laser drivers, trans-impedance amplifiers, silicon photonics, co-packaged optics, linear pluggable optics chipsets, data center interconnect, active electrical cable DSPs and peripheral component interconnect express retimer solutions; fibre channel products comprising host bus adapters and controllers for server and storage system connectivity; storage controllers for hard disk drives and solid-state-drives; host system interfaces, including serial advanced technology attachment and serial attached SCSI, peripheral component interconnect express, compute express link switches, non-volatile memory express (NVMe), and NVMe over fabrics; and develops ultra accelerator linkTM switches and ethernet for scale-up networking switches. The company serves data centers, communications, and other markets. It offers its products through direct customers and distributors. Marvell Technology, Inc. was incorporated in 1995 and is headquartered in Wilmington, Delaware."}, "ACN": {"ticker": "ACN", "name": "Accenture plc", "sector": "technology", "description": "Accenture plc provides strategy and consulting, industry X, song, and technology and operation services in the Americas, Europe, the Middle East, Africa, and the Asia Pacific. It offers systems integration and application management; security; intelligent platform; infrastructure; software engineering; data, AI, cloud; and automation and global delivery services. The company also operates business processes for specific enterprise functions, including finance and accounting, sourcing and procurement, supply chain, marketing and sales, and human resources, as well as industry-specific services, such as platform trust and safety, banking, insurance, network and health services; and designs, manufactures, and assembles automation equipment, robotics, and other commercial hardware products. It serves communications, media, and technology; financial services; banking and capital markets, and insurance; health and public service; consumer goods, retail, travel services; industrial; life science; and chemicals, natural resources, energy, and utilities sectors. Accenture plc has collaboration with Amazon Web Services (AWS) to deliver transformative digital services to public sector, defense, and national security organizations. It has a collaboration with OpenAI to help enterprise clients unlock new levels of innovation and growth by bringing agentic AI systems; and has a strategic collaboration with Microsoft and Avanade for the development of an agentic factory intelligence system. It also has strategic partnership with Netomi, Inc. to help enterprises reinvent customer experience using agentic AI systems. Accenture plc was founded in 1951 and is based in Dublin, Ireland."}, "INTU": {"ticker": "INTU", "name": "Intuit Inc.", "sector": "technology", "description": "Intuit Inc. provides financial management, payments and capital, compliance, and marketing products and services in the United States. The company operates in four segments: Global Business Solutions, Consumer, Credit Karma, and ProTax. The Global Business Solutions segment provides QuickBooks services, which include financial and business management online services, desktop software, payroll solutions, time tracking, merchant payment processing and bill pay solutions, checking accounts, and financing services for small and mid-market businesses; and Mailchimp, a marketing automation and customer relationship management. This segment also offers QuickBooks online services and desktop software solutions comprising QuickBooks Online, QuickBooks Live, QuickBooks Online Advanced, QuickBooks Self-Employed, QuickBooks Solopreneur financial and business management offerings, QuickBooks Online Payroll, QuickBooks Checking, QuickBooks Desktop software subscriptions, and QuickBooks Assisted Payroll. The Consumer segment provides do-it-yourself and assisted TurboTax income tax preparation products and services. The Credit Karma segment offers consumers with a personal finance platform that provides recommendations for credit card, home, auto, and personal loan, and insurance products; online savings and checking accounts; and access to its credit scores and reports, credit and identity monitoring, credit report dispute, credit building tools, and tools. The ProTax segment provides Lacerte, ProSeries, and ProFile desktop tax-preparation software products; and ProConnect Tax Online bill pay tax products, electronic tax filing service, and bank products and related services. It sells products and services through direct sales channels, multichannel shop-and-buy experiences, mobile application stores, and partner and other channels. Intuit Inc. was founded in 1983 and is headquartered in Mountain View, California."}, "CRWD": {"ticker": "CRWD", "name": "CrowdStrike Holdings, Inc.", "sector": "technology", "description": "CrowdStrike Holdings, Inc. provides cybersecurity solutions in the United States and internationally. Its unified platform provides cloud-delivered protection of endpoints, cloud workloads, identity, and data through a software as a service (SaaS) subscription-based model. The company offers corporate endpoint and cloud workload security, managed security, security and vulnerability management, IT operations management, identity protection, threat intelligence, data protection, SaaS security posture management, and AI powered workflow automation, and securing generative AI workload services, as well as security orchestration, automation, and response; and security information and event management, and log management services. It primarily sells subscriptions to its Falcon platform and cloud modules. The company was incorporated in 2011 and is headquartered in Austin, Texas."}, "NOW": {"ticker": "NOW", "name": "ServiceNow, Inc.", "sector": "technology", "description": "ServiceNow, Inc. provides cloud-based solution for digital workflows in the North America, Europe, the Middle East and Africa, Asia Pacific, and internationally. The company provides asset management, integrated risk management, IT service management, Operational Technology management, Security Operations, strategic portfolio management, IT operations management products; customer service management product; field service management applications; and sales and order management services. It also offers human resources delivery; legal and contract operations; workplace service delivery products; app engine product; automation engine; platform privacy and security product; and source-to-pay operations. In addition, the company provides RaptorDB, a database built to manage workloads at scale; ServiceNow Impact that provides customers with software tools, guided plans, and AI-driven recommendations; customer support; and workflow data fabric. It serves government, financial services, healthcare and life science, manufacturing, Public Sector, retail, technology, and Telecom sectors through service providers and resale partners. The company has a strategic collaboration with Cohesity, Inc. to develop, operate, and safeguard autonomous AI agents and data with enterprise-grade reliability. The company was formerly known as Service-now.com and changed its name to ServiceNow, Inc. in May 2012. ServiceNow, Inc. was founded in 2004 and is headquartered in Santa Clara, California."}, "ADBE": {"ticker": "ADBE", "name": "Adobe Inc.", "sector": "technology", "description": "Adobe Inc. operates as a technology company worldwide. The Digital Media segment offers products and services that enable individuals, teams, and enterprises to create, publish, and promote content. This segment serves photographers, video editors, graphic and experience designers, game developers, content creators, students, marketers, business owners, knowledge workers, and consumers. The Digital Experience segment provides an integrated platform; and products, services, and solutions that enable brands and businesses to create, manage, execute, measure, monetize, and optimize customer experiences from analytics to commerce. This segment serves marketers, advertisers, agencies, publishers, merchandisers, merchants, web analysts, data scientists, developers, and executives across the C-suite. The Publishing and Advertising segment offers e-learning, technical document publishing, web conferencing, document and forms platform, web application development, printing, and Adobe Advertising solutions. It also provides consulting, training, customer management, technical support, and learning services. The company offers its solutions to enterprise customers, and businesses and consumers; and licenses its products to end-user customers through app stores and website at adobe.com. It markets and distributes its products through distributors, retailers, software developers, mobile app stores, systems integrators, independent software vendors, value-added resellers, and original equipment and hardware manufacturers. The company also provides an online visibility management and content marketing software-as-a-service platform. The company has a strategic alliance with HUMAIN for the development of generative AI models and AI-powered applications. The company was formerly known as Adobe Systems Incorporated and changed its name to Adobe Inc. in October 2018. Adobe Inc. was founded in 1982 and is headquartered in San Jose, California."}, "SNPS": {"ticker": "SNPS", "name": "Synopsys, Inc.", "sector": "technology", "description": "Synopsys, Inc. provides design IP solutions in the semiconductor and electronics industries. It operates in two segments, Design Automation and Design IP. The company offers Digital and Custom IC Design solution that provides digital design implementation solutions; Verification solution that offers virtual prototyping, static and formal verification, simulation, emulation, field programmable gate array (FPGA)-based prototyping, and debug solutions; FPGA design products that are programmed to perform specific functions; synopsys technology computer-aided design (TCAD), mask synthesis, and manufacturing analytic solutions; and AI-driven EDA solutions. It also provides pre-verified and silicon-proven IP solutions, logic libraries and embedded memories, processor and security solutions, IP Offerings for the automotive market, SOC infrastructure IP, data path and building block IP, and mathematical and floating-point components. Synopsys, Inc. has a strategic collaboration with Arm Holdings plc for development of AGI CPU that provides solutions across its full-stack design portfolio including EDA, interface IP, and hardware-assisted verification (HAV). The company was incorporated in 1986 and is headquartered in Sunnyvale, California."}, "CDNS": {"ticker": "CDNS", "name": "Cadence Design Systems, Inc.", "sector": "technology", "description": "Cadence Design Systems, Inc. develops computational, AI-driven software, hardware, and silicon intellectual property products and solutions. The company offers functional verification services, such as Jasper, a formal verification platform; Xcelium, a parallel logic simulation platform; Verisium, a generative AI solution; Palladium, an enterprise emulation platform; and Protium, a prototyping platform for chip verification, as well as digital IC design and sign off products, including In novus platform; and custom IC design and simulation product include Virtuoso, a platform to design and verify analog. It also provides Xcelium logic simulator and other front-end verification and virtual prototyping technologies; controllers and physical interfaces; PCI Express, universal accelerator and compute express links, and multiple memory interfaces; and Ten Silica, a digital signal processor. In addition, the company's design IP portfolio includes serializer/deserializer, peripheral component interconnect, USB, and other standard protocols; and Secure-IC, a solution for embedded security IP. Additionally, it provides System Design and Analysis (SD&A) platform, a solution that enables end-to-end system-level design and verification across chips, packages, PCBs, and electronic systems; Allegro X and Orca X platforms for PCB and advanced packaging; Sigrity X for signal and power integrity; AIR for RF design; Fidelity for computational fluid dynamics; Celsius for thermal and airflow analysis; Clarity 3D solver for electromagnetic and power electronics analysis and simulation; Integrity 3D-IC solution for 3D-IC and multi-chiplet designs; the Optimality Intelligent System Explorer, Reality digital twin, and Millennium enterprise multiphasic platforms; Allegro system design platform; and molecular modeling and simulation solutions and services. The company has a strategic collaboration with NVIDIA. The company was incorporated in 1987 and is headquartered in San Jose, California."}, "ADP": {"ticker": "ADP", "name": "Automatic Data Processing, Inc.", "sector": "technology", "description": "Automatic Data Processing, Inc. provides cloud-based human capital management (HCM) solutions worldwide. It operates in two segments, Employer Services and Professional Employer Organization (PEO). The Employer Services segment offers strategic, cloud-based platforms, and human resources (HR) outsourcing solutions. This segment's offerings include RUN Powered by ADP, a software platform for small business payroll, HR, and compliance; ADP Workforce Now, a HCM solution used across mid-sized and large businesses to manage employees; and ADP Lyric HCM, a solution for HR management, payroll, workforce management, talent, and data analytics. The PEO Services segment provides HR and employment administration outsourcing solutions under ADP TotalSource name to businesses through a co-employment model. The segment also provides guidance, user-friendly technology, comprehensive employee benefits, and a risk management, safety, and workers' compensation program. The company was founded in 1949 and is headquartered in Roseland, New Jersey."}, "MSI": {"ticker": "MSI", "name": "Motorola Solutions, Inc.", "sector": "technology", "description": "Motorola Solutions, Inc. provides public safety, government, defense, and enterprise security solutions in the United States, the United Kingdom, Canada, and internationally. It operates in two segments, Products and Systems Integration, and Software and Services. The Products and Systems Integration segment offers a portfolio of infrastructure, devices, accessories, and the implementation and integration of systems, devices, software, and applications for government, including defense, public safety, and enterprise customers who operate private communications systems and video security solutions, as well as manage a mobile workforce. This segment also provides mission critical networks, and video security and access control technologies, including two-way portable and vehicle-mounted radios, video cameras, and accessories; communications network core and central processing software, base stations, consoles, and repeaters; and video analytics, network video management hardware and software, and access control solutions. The Software and Services segment offers public safety and enterprise command center, unified communications applications, mobile video equipment, and video software solutions; repair, technical support, and maintenance services; and monitoring, software updates, and cybersecurity services to government, public safety, and commercial communications networks. It serves hospitality; manufacturing; military and defence; police; air transportation; fire and rescue; stadium; emergency medical services; mining; oil and gas; transportation and logistics; utilities; education; retail; and healthcare industries. The company was formerly known as Motorola, Inc. and changed its name to Motorola Solutions, Inc. in January 2011. Motorola Solutions, Inc. was founded in 1928 and is headquartered in Chicago, Illinois."}, "TEL": {"ticker": "TEL", "name": "TE Connectivity plc", "sector": "technology", "description": "TE Connectivity plc, together with its subsidiaries, manufactures and sells connectivity and sensor solutions in Europe, the Middle East, Africa, the Asia\u0096Pacific, and the Americas. The company operates through two reportable segments, Transportation Solutions and Industrial Solutions. It provides antennas, application tooling, cable assemblies, connectors, electromagnetic compatibility/electromagnetic interference solutions, energy and power, fiber optics, heat shrink tubing, identification and labeling, medical components, passive components, relays and contactors, sensors, switches, terminals and splices, wires and cables, and wire protection and management solutions. The company also offers training and other services, including 3D printing for production, back shells prototyping, electrical installation training, HarnWare software, machine tooling service and repair, medical device design services, microfluidic devices, and sensor manufacturing services as well as conducts automotive webinars. It serves 5G and wireless equipment, aerospace, appliances, automation and control, automotive, autosport, commercial and industrial vehicles, connected home, data centers and artificial intelligence, defense and military, energy solutions, e-mobility, industrial machinery, intelligent buildings, IoT connectivity, medical technologies, oil and gas/marine, personal electronics and wearable technology, rail, sensor applications, space, and other industries. The company was formerly known as Tyco Electronics Ltd. and changed its name to TE Connectivity plc in March 2011. TE Connectivity plc was founded in 1941 and is based in Ballybrit, Ireland."}, "MPWR": {"ticker": "MPWR", "name": "Monolithic Power Systems, Inc.", "sector": "technology", "description": "Monolithic Power Systems, Inc. provides semiconductor-based power electronics solutions in China, Taiwan, South Korea, Southeast Asia, Europe, the United States, Japan, and internationally. The company offers direct current (DC) to DC solutions to convert and control voltages within a range of electronic systems, such as cloud-based and on-premises CPU servers and workstations, AI systems, memory, storage solutions, notebooks, infotainment, power sources, home appliances, network infrastructure, and satellite communications. It also provides alternating current (AC) to DC; driver metal-oxide-semiconductor field-effect transistors; power management integrated circuits (ICs); and current limit switch and lighting control products. The company serves storage and computing, enterprise data, automotive, communications, consumer, and industrial end markets through third-party distributors and value-added resellers. Monolithic Power Systems, Inc. was incorporated in 1997 and is based in West Palm Beach, Florida."}, "CIEN": {"ticker": "CIEN", "name": "Ciena Corporation", "sector": "technology", "description": "Ciena Corporation, a network technology company, provides hardware, software, and services for various network operators in the Americas, Europe, the Middle East, Africa, the Asia Pacific, Japan, and India. It operates through Networking Platforms, Platform Software and Services, Blue Planet Automation Software and Services, and Global Services segments. The Networking Platforms segment consists optical networking, routing, and switching products and services. This segment products include the 6500 Packet-Optical Platform, Waveserver modular interconnect system, the 6500 Reconfigurable Line System, and coherent pluggable transceivers; and the 3000 family of service delivery platforms and the 5000 family of service aggregation, as well as the 8100 Coherent Routing platforms and virtualization software. The Platform Software and Services segment offers navigator network control suite; and software subscription services, consulting, network migration and integration, installation and upgrade support services, and technical support solutions. The Blue Planet Automation Software and Services segment inventory management, orchestration, route optimization and analysis, and unified assurance and analytics software; and sells subscription, installation, support, consulting, and design services related to the Blue Planet automation platform. The Global Services segment provides services for advisory and enablement, implementation, and maintenance, support, and learning activities. Ciena Corporation was incorporated in 1992 and is headquartered in Hanover, Maryland."}, "NET": {"ticker": "NET", "name": "Cloudflare, Inc.", "sector": "technology", "description": "Cloudflare, Inc. operates as a cloud services provider that delivers a range of services to businesses worldwide. The company provides a cloud-based security solution to secure a range of combination of platforms, including public and private cloud, on-premises, software-as-a-service applications, and Internet of things (IoT) devices; and application security products comprising web application firewall, bot management, distributed denial of service mitigation, API security, SSL/TLS encryption, client-side security, and security center products. It also offers application performance solutions, such as content delivery, load balancing, DNS, smart shield, video stream delivery, web optimization, cloudfare waiting room, and cloudfare data localization suite; SASE platform that combines network services and Zero Trust and workplace security products that provides a cloud-based network and security-as-a-service; network services, including magic WAN, magic transit, magic firewall, cloudflare network interconnect, and spectrum. In addition, the company provides zero trust security services which include cloudflare zero trust network access, secure web gateway, and one client; and remote browser isolation, cloud access security broker, cloud email security, digital experience monitoring, and data loss prevention products. Further, it provides developer-based solutions comprising workers AI, vectorize, AI gateway, cloudflare workers, cloudflare pages, R2 object storage, workers KV, durable objects, D1, hyperdrive, queues, cloudfare stream, cloudfare images, and cloudflare realtime; and consumer offerings, such as 1.1.1.1 DNS and with WARPm and cloudfare registrar that offers secure registration and management of domain names. The company serves customers in technology, healthcare, financial services, consumer and retail, industrial, and non-profit industries, as well as government. The company was incorporated in 2009 and is headquartered in San Francisco, California."}, "UI": {"ticker": "UI", "name": "Ubiquiti Inc.", "sector": "technology", "description": "Ubiquiti Inc. develops networking technology for service providers, enterprises, and consumers in North America, Europe, the Middle East, Africa, Asia Pacific, South America. The company develops technology platforms for high-capacity distributed Internet access, unified information technology, and consumer electronics for professional, home, and personal use. Its service provider product platforms offer carrier-class network infrastructure for fixed wireless broadband, wireless backhaul systems, and routing and related software; and enterprise product platforms provide wireless LAN infrastructure, video surveillance products, switching and routing solutions, security gateways, door access systems, and other WLAN products. It also provides technology platforms, such as UniFi Cloud Gateway, an Enterprise class internet and security gateway device; UniFi Wi-Fi, an enterprise Wi-Fi system; UniFi Protect, a video surveillance platform; UniFi Switch that deliver performance, switching, and power of ethernet support for enterprise networks; UniFi Access, a door access solution; UniFi Talk, a plug-and-play phone system and VoIP subscription service, as well as UniFi Connect and its AmpliFi platform. In addition, the company offers airMAX, which include proprietary protocols that contain technologies for minimizing signal noise; airFiber, a wireless backhauls point-to-point radio system; UFiber GPON, a plug and play fiber network technology to build high speed fiber internet networks; and Wave, a technology platform. Further, the company provides base stations, radios, backhaul equipment, and customer premise equipment; embedded radio products; and antennas. It serves customers through a network of distributors, online retailers, and direct to customers through webstores. The company was formerly known as Ubiquiti Networks, Inc. and changed its name to Ubiquiti Inc. in August 2019. Ubiquiti Inc. was incorporated in 2003 and is headquartered in New York, New York."}, "COHR": {"ticker": "COHR", "name": "Coherent Corp.", "sector": "technology", "description": "Coherent Corp. develops, manufactures, and markets engineered materials, optoelectronic components and devices, and laser systems for the use in the industrial, communications, electronics, and instrumentation markets worldwide. It operates through three segments: Networking, Materials, and Lasers. The Networking segment offers transceivers, systems, subsystems, modules, components, optics, and semiconductor devices for datacenter and communications applications. The Materials segment provides engineered materials, laser optics, thermoelectric components, and advanced ceramic and metal-matrix composite materials and products; and vertical-cavity surface-emitting laser, edge-emitting laser, pump lasers, high-power lasers for materials processing, and integrated circuit. The Laser segment offers excimer lasers, solid-state lasers, CO2 lasers, and laser systems for various industrial applications, including semiconductor capital equipment, display manufacturing, precision manufacturing, and scientific research; and laser systems and subsystems. It markets its products and services through direct sales force, representatives, and distributors. The company was formerly known as II-VI Incorporated and changed its name to Coherent Corp. in September 2022. Coherent Corp. was incorporated in 1971 and is headquartered in Saxonburg, Pennsylvania."}, "LITE": {"ticker": "LITE", "name": "Lumentum Holdings Inc.", "sector": "technology", "description": "Lumentum Holdings Inc. manufactures and sells optical and photonic products in the Americas, the Asia-Pacific, Europe, the Middle East, and Africa. It operates through two segments, Cloud & Networking and Industrial Tech. The Cloud & Networking segment offers optical and photonic chips, components, modules, and subsystems supplied to cloud data center operators, AI/ML infrastructure providers, and network equipment manufacturer customers that are building cloud data centers and network infrastructures. Its Industrial Tech segment provides short-pulse solid-state lasers, kilowatt-class fiber lasers, diode lasers, and gas lasers that serves the semiconductor device, solar cell, display, and electric vehicle and battery manufacturing markets. The company was incorporated in 2015 and is headquartered in San Jose, California."}, "FTNT": {"ticker": "FTNT", "name": "Fortinet, Inc.", "sector": "technology", "description": "Fortinet, Inc. provides cybersecurity and convergence of networking and security solutions worldwide. The company offers FortiOS, a unified operating system designed to address cybersecurity threats; FortiASIC application-specific integrated circuit (ASIC)-based security processing units; FortiCloud, a private cloud software as a service platform; FortiAI, which provides a dual-layered defense across the Fortinet Security Fabric; FortiEndpoint, which converges secure connectivity, endpoint protection, and capabilities into a single agent; and OT Security, which protect the engineered systems that underpin infrastructure and supply chains. It also provides secure networking solutions that focus on the convergence of networking and security; network firewall solutions comprising FortiGate data centers, hyperscale, and distributed firewalls; wireless local area network solutions; and secure connectivity solutions. In addition, the company offers the Fortinet Unified Secure Access Service Edge solutions that include firewall, software-defined wide-area network, secure web gateway, cloud access services broker, data loss prevention, and zero trust network access; and web application firewalls, cloud network security with virtualized firewalls, cloud-native firewalls, cloud-native application protection, and code security. Further, it provides AI-driven security operation solutions, which include a suite of cybersecurity solutions, as well as FortiEDR, FortiXDR, FortiNDR, FortiSandbox, FortiDeceptor, FortiDLP, and FortiRecon. Additionally, the company offers FortiGuard Labs, a cybersecurity threat intelligence and research organization; FortiGuard and Other Security Services, a suite of AI-powered security capabilities that consists of FortiGuard application, content, device, NOC/SOC, and web security services; and FortiCare technical support services. Fortinet, Inc. was incorporated in 2000 and is headquartered in Sunnyvale, California."}, "TER": {"ticker": "TER", "name": "Teradyne, Inc.", "sector": "technology", "description": "Teradyne, Inc. engages in the design, development, manufacture, and sale of automated test systems and robotics products in the United States, Asia Pacific, Europe, the Middle East, and Africa. The company operates through Semiconductor Test, Robotics, and Other segments. The Semiconductor Test segment offers products and services for wafer level and device package testing, and system level testing of semiconductor devices in automotive, industrial, communications, consumer, smartphones, cloud, computer and electronic game, and other applications. This segment also provides FLEX test platform systems; J750 test system to address the volume semiconductor devices, including microcontrollers; Magnum platform that tests memory devices, such as flash memory and DRAM; and ETS platform for semiconductor manufacturers, and assembly and test subcontractors in the analog/mixed signal markets. It serves integrated device manufacturers that integrate the fabrication of silicon wafers into their business; fabless companies that outsource the manufacturing of silicon wafers; foundries; and semiconductor assembly and test providers. The Robotics segment provides collaborative robotic arms and autonomous mobile robots for manufacturing, logistics, and industrial customers. It also provides product test instruments which includes operations related to the design, manufacturing and marketing of products and services for defense/aerospace test, circuit-board test, wireless test systems, and silicon photonics testing. Teradyne, Inc. was incorporated in 1960 and is headquartered in North Reading, Massachusetts."}, "KEYS": {"ticker": "KEYS", "name": "Keysight Technologies, Inc.", "sector": "technology", "description": "Keysight Technologies, Inc. provides electronic design and test solutions worldwide. The company operates through Communications Solutions Group and Electronic Industrial Solutions Group segments. It offers electronic design and test software, instrumentation, systems, and related services used in the design, simulation, validation, manufacturing, installation, and optimization of communication systems in wireless, data center ecosystem, enterprise, and aerospace, defense, and government end markets. The company also develops and deploys communications products and services; and operates communications networks. In addition, it provides electronic design, test and simulation software, instrumentation, systems, computer-aided engineering solutions, and related services used in the design, simulation, validation, manufacturing, installation, and optimization of electronic equipment in the automotive and energy, semiconductor solutions, and general electronics industries. Further, the company offers product support; technical and application support for hardware, software, and solutions; and professional services, such as installation, training, engineering, optimization of equipment and solution adoption, utilization, and integration services. Additionally, it provides oscilloscopes; generators, sources and power supplies; software products; analyzers; wireless products; network test and security; modular instruments; meters; network visibility; and other products, as well as KeysightCare support plans, calibration, repair, technology refresh, test as a service, network/security, consulting, financial alternatives, education, software testing, support, managed, device vulnerability analysis, support portal, and used equipment services. Keysight Technologies, Inc. was founded in 1939 and is headquartered in Santa Rosa, California."}, "NEE": {"ticker": "NEE", "name": "NextEra Energy, Inc.", "sector": "utilities", "description": "NextEra Energy, Inc., through its subsidiaries, generates, stores, transmits, distributes, and sells electric power to retail and wholesale customers in North America. It operates through Florida Power & Light Company (FPL) and NEER segments. The company generates electricity from wind, solar, nuclear, natural gas, and other clean energy assets. It also invests in generation, storage, transmission, and distribution facilities; owns, develops, constructs, manages, and operates generation facilities, including renewables, nuclear and natural gas, and battery storage facilities in the wholesale energy market in the United States and Canada, as well as electric and gas transmission assets, and natural gas pipelines; provides full energy and capacity requirement services; markets and trades in energy-related commodities; and participates in the production of natural gas, natural gas liquids, and oil. As of December 31, 2025, the company had approximately 35,963 megawatts of net generating capacity; approximately 93,000 circuit miles of transmission and distribution lines; and 932 substations. It serves approximately 12 million people through approximately 6 million customer accounts on the east and lower west coasts of Florida. The company was formerly known as FPL Group, Inc. and changed its name to NextEra Energy, Inc. in 2010. NextEra Energy, Inc. was founded in 1925 and is headquartered in Juno Beach, Florida."}, "SO": {"ticker": "SO", "name": "The Southern Company", "sector": "utilities", "description": "The Southern Company, through its subsidiaries, engages in the sale of electricity. The company offers electric service to retail customers and wholesale customers; and energy-related products and services to natural gas choice markets. It also develops, constructs, acquires, owns, operates, and manages power generation assets, as well as battery energy storage projects; sells electricity at market-based rates in the wholesale market; and deploys microgrids for commercial, industrial, governmental, and utility customers. In addition, the company is involved in the distribution of natural gas in Illinois, Georgia, Virginia, and Tennessee; distributes energy and resilience solutions; and invests in telecommunications. The Southern Company was incorporated in 1945 and is headquartered in Atlanta, Georgia."}, "DUK": {"ticker": "DUK", "name": "Duke Energy Corporation", "sector": "utilities", "description": "Duke Energy Corporation, through its subsidiaries, operates as an energy company in the United States. The company operates through two segments: Electric Utilities and Infrastructure (EU&I); and Gas Utilities and Infrastructure (GU&I). The EU&I segment generates, transmits, distributes, and sells electricity to customers in the Southeast and Midwest regions. It generates electricity through coal, hydroelectric, natural gas, oil, renewables, and nuclear fuel. This segment also engages in the wholesale of electricity to municipalities, electric cooperative utilities, and other load-serving entities. The GU&I segment distributes natural gas to customers in the residential, commercial, industrial, and power generation natural gas sectors; and invests in pipeline transmission projects, renewable natural gas projects, and natural gas storage facilities. The company was formerly known as Duke Energy Holding Corp. and changed its name to Duke Energy Corporation in April 2006. Duke Energy Corporation was founded in 1904 and is headquartered in Charlotte, North Carolina."}, "AEP": {"ticker": "AEP", "name": "American Electric Power Company, Inc.", "sector": "utilities", "description": "American Electric Power Company, Inc., an electric public utility holding company, engages in the generation, transmission, and distribution of electricity for sale to retail and wholesale customers in the United States. It operates through Vertically Integrated Utilities, Transmission and Distribution Utilities, AEP Transmission Holdco, and Generation & Marketing segments. The company generates electricity using coal and lignite, nuclear, natural gas, renewable, hydro, solar, wind, and other energy sources; owns, operates, maintains, and invests in transmission infrastructure; and engages in the retail supply, and wholesale energy trading and marketing businesses. It operates approximately 252,000 circuit miles of distribution lines; 38,000 circuit miles of transmission lines; and 25,000 MWs of regulated owned generating capacity. American Electric Power Company, Inc. was incorporated in 1906 and is headquartered in Columbus, Ohio."}, "SRE": {"ticker": "SRE", "name": "Sempra", "sector": "utilities", "description": "Sempra engages in the regulated utilities business in the United States and Mexico. It operates through three segments: Sempra California, Sempra Texas Utilities, and Sempra Infrastructure. It also invests in and operates electric and gas utilities and other energy infrastructure that provides energy services to customers. The Sempra California segment provides natural gas and electric services to Southern California and part of central California. As of December 31, 2025, it offered electric services to approximately 3.6 million population and natural gas services to approximately 3.3 million population that covers 4,100 square miles. This segment owns and operates a natural gas distribution, transmission, and storage system that supplies natural gas. As of December 31, 2025, it served a population of 21.3 million covering an area of 24,000 square miles. The Sempra Texas Utilities segment engages in the regulated electricity transmission and distribution utility business. As of December 31, 2025, transmission system included approximately 18,418 circuit miles of transmission lines; 1,333 transmission and distribution substations; interconnection to 230 third-party generation facilities totaling 63,670 MW; and distribution system included more than 4.1 million points of delivery and consisted of 127,398 circuit miles of overhead and underground lines. The Sempra Infrastructure segment develops, constructs, operates, and invests in energy infrastructure to help enable the access to cleaner energy in markets in the United States, Mexico, and internationally. The company was formerly known as Sempra Energy and changed its name to Sempra in May 2023. Sempra was incorporated in 1996 and is headquartered in San Diego, California."}, "VST": {"ticker": "VST", "name": "Vistra Corp.", "sector": "utilities", "description": "Vistra Corp., together with its subsidiaries, operates as an integrated retail electricity and power generation company in the United States. The company operates through five segments: Retail, Texas, East, West, and Asset Closure. The company retails electricity and natural gas to residential, commercial, and industrial customers across states in the United States and the District of Columbia. It is also involved in electricity generation, wholesale energy purchases and sales, commodity risk management, fuel procurement, and fuel logistics management activities. In addition, the company engages in decommissioning and reclamation of retired generation facilities, including mines, and battery removal and remediation activities. It serves approximately 5 million customers with a generation capacity of approximately 44,000 megawatts with a portfolio of natural gas, nuclear, coal, solar, and battery energy storage facilities. The company was formerly known as Vistra Energy Corp. and changed its name to Vistra Corp. in July 2020. Vistra Corp. was founded in 1882 and is based in Irving, Texas."}, "D": {"ticker": "D", "name": "Dominion Energy, Inc.", "sector": "utilities", "description": "Dominion Energy, Inc. provides regulated electricity and natural gas services in the United States. It operates through Dominion Energy Virginia, Dominion Energy South Carolina, and Contracted Energy segments. The Dominion Energy Virginia segment engages in the generation, distribution, and transmission of electricity to approximately 2.8 million residential, commercial, industrial, and governmental customers in Virginia and North Carolina. The Dominion Energy South Carolina segment generates, transmits, and distributes electricity to approximately 0.8 million customers in the central, southern, and southwestern portions of South Carolina; and distributes natural gas to approximately 0.5 million residential, commercial, and industrial customers in South Carolina. The Contracted Energy segment is involved in the nonregulated long-term contracted renewable electric generation fleet and renewable natural gas facilities. As of December 31, 2025, the company's portfolio of assets included approximately 30.7 GW of electric generating capacity, 10,800 miles of electric transmission lines, and 80,400 miles of electric distribution lines. The company was formerly known as Dominion Resources, Inc. Dominion Energy, Inc. was incorporated in 1983 and is headquartered in Richmond, Virginia."}, "ETR": {"ticker": "ETR", "name": "Entergy Corporation", "sector": "utilities", "description": "Entergy Corporation, together with its subsidiaries, engages in the production and retail distribution of electricity in the United States. It generates, transmits, distributes, and sells electric power in portions of Arkansas, Louisiana, Mississippi, and Texas, including the City of New Orleans. It also engages in the ownership of interests in non-nuclear power plants that sell electric power to wholesale customers, as well as provides decommissioning services to other nuclear power plant owners. It generates electricity through gas, nuclear, coal, hydro, and solar power sources. The company sells energy to retail power providers, utilities, electric power co-operatives, power trading organizations, and other power generation companies. The company's power plants have approximately 25,000 megawatts of electric generating capacity. It delivers electricity to 3.1 million utility customers in Arkansas, Louisiana, Mississippi, and Texas. Entergy Corporation was founded in 1913 and is headquartered in New Orleans, Louisiana."}, "XEL": {"ticker": "XEL", "name": "Xcel Energy Inc.", "sector": "utilities", "description": "Xcel Energy Inc., through its subsidiaries, operates as an electric and natural gas delivery company in the United States. It operates through Regulated Electric Utility and Regulated Natural Gas Utility segments. The company generates, purchases, transmits, distributes, and sells electricity through its energy portfolio, including wind, nuclear, hydroelectric, biomass, and solar power from both owned generation facilities and PPAs, as well as its fossil fuel energy portfolio, such as coal and natural gas; sale and resale of wholesale transmission service; and engages in wholesale commodity and trading operations. It also purchases, transports, stores, distributes, and sells natural gas; develops and leases natural gas pipelines and storage facilities; operates interstate natural gas pipeline; and invests in rental housing projects, energy technology companies, and community solar garden nonregulated assets. It serves electric and natural gas customers in portions of Colorado, Michigan, Minnesota, New Mexico, North Dakota, South Dakota, Texas, and Wisconsin. The company was formerly known as Northern States Power company. Xcel Energy Inc. was incorporated in 1909 and is headquartered in Minneapolis, Minnesota."}, "EXC": {"ticker": "EXC", "name": "Exelon Corporation", "sector": "utilities", "description": "Exelon Corporation, a utility services holding company, engages in the energy distribution and transmission businesses in the United States. The company is involved in the purchase and regulated retail sale of electricity and natural gas; transmission and distribution of electricity; and distribution of natural gas to retail customers. It serves residential, commercial, industrial, and public authorities and electric railroads customers. Exelon Corporation was incorporated in 1999 and is headquartered in Chicago, Illinois."}, "PEG": {"ticker": "PEG", "name": "Public Service Enterprise Group Incorporated", "sector": "utilities", "description": "Public Service Enterprise Group Incorporated, through its subsidiaries, operates in electric and gas utility, and nuclear generation businesses in the United States. It operates through PSE&G and PSEG Power segments. The PSE&G segment transmits electricity; distributes electricity and natural gas to residential, commercial, and industrial customers; and appliance services and repairs to customers through its service territory, as well as invests in solar generation projects, and energy efficiency and related programs. The PSEG Power segment engages in nuclear generation businesses; and supplies power and natural gas to nuclear power plants. As of December 31, 2025, it had electric transmission and distribution system of 25,000 circuit miles and 871,000 poles; 58 switching stations with an installed capacity of 40,000 megavolt-amperes (MVA), and 238 substations with an installed capacity of 10,890 MVA; four electric distribution headquarters and five electric sub-headquarters; 18,000 miles of gas mains, 12 gas distribution headquarters, two sub-headquarters, and two meter shop, as well as 54 natural gas metering and regulating stations; and 158 MegaWatts defined conditions of installed PV solar capacity. The company was founded in 1903 and is based in Newark, New Jersey."}, "ED": {"ticker": "ED", "name": "Consolidated Edison, Inc.", "sector": "utilities", "description": "Consolidated Edison, Inc., through its subsidiaries, engages in the regulated electric, gas, and steam delivery businesses in the United States. The company offers electric services to approximately 3.7 million customers in New York City and Westchester County; gas to approximately 1.1 million customers in Manhattan, the Bronx, parts of Queens, and Westchester County; and steam to approximately 1,490 customers in parts of Manhattan. It also supplies electricity to approximately 0.3 million customers in southeastern New York and northern New Jersey; and gas to approximately 0.1 million customers in southeastern New York. In addition, the company operates 552 circuit miles of transmission lines; 16 transmission substations; 63 distribution substations; 89,675 in-service line transformers; 3,764 pole miles of overhead distribution lines; and 2,417 miles of underground distribution lines, as well as 4,374 miles of mains and 379, 939 service lines for natural gas distribution. Further, it invests in electric and gas transmission projects. The company primarily sells electricity to industrial, commercial, residential, and government customers. Consolidated Edison, Inc. was founded in 1823 and is based in New York, New York."}, "PCG": {"ticker": "PCG", "name": "PG&E Corporation", "sector": "utilities", "description": "PG&E Corporation, through its subsidiary, Pacific Gas and Electric Company, engages in the sale and delivery of electricity and natural gas to customers in northern and central California, the United States. It generates electricity using nuclear, hydroelectric, fossil fuel-fired, fuel cells, and photovoltaic sources. The company owns and operates interconnected transmission lines; electric transmission substations, distribution lines, switching and distribution substations; and natural gas transmission, storage, and distribution systems consisting of distribution pipelines, backbone and local transmission pipelines, and various storage facilities. It serves residential, commercial, industrial, and agricultural customers, as well as natural gas-fired electric generation facilities. The company was incorporated in 1995 and is based in Oakland, California."}, "WEC": {"ticker": "WEC", "name": "WEC Energy Group, Inc.", "sector": "utilities", "description": "WEC Energy Group, Inc., through its subsidiaries, provides regulated natural gas and electricity, and renewable and nonregulated renewable energy services in the United States. The company operates through Wisconsin, Illinois, Other States, Electric Transmission, and Non-Utility Energy Infrastructure segments. It generates and distributes electricity from coal, natural gas, oil, and nuclear, as well as renewable energy resources, including wind, solar, hydroelectric, and biomass; and distributes and hydroelectric natural gas. The company also owns, maintains, monitors, and operates electric transmission systems; and generates, distributes, and sells steam. As of December 31, 2025, the company operated approximately 35,200 miles of overhead distribution lines and 37,600 miles of underground distribution cables, as well as 420 electric distribution substations and 649,500 line transformers; approximately 47,200 miles of natural gas distribution mains; 1,300 miles of natural gas transmission mains; 2.4 million natural gas lateral services; 510 natural gas distribution and transmission gate stations; and 67.0 billion cubic feet of working gas capacities in underground natural gas storage fields. The company was formerly known as Wisconsin Energy Corporation and changed its name to WEC Energy Group, Inc. in June 2015. WEC Energy Group, Inc. was founded in 1896 and is headquartered in Milwaukee, Wisconsin."}, "NRG": {"ticker": "NRG", "name": "NRG Energy, Inc.", "sector": "utilities", "description": "NRG Energy, Inc., together with its subsidiaries, operates as an energy and home services company in the United States and Canada. It operates through the Texas, East, West/Other, Vivint Smart Home, and Corporate Activities segments. The company offers retail electricity, energy management, demand response and virtual power plant programs, carbon offsets, smart home security, and automation services. It also offers system power, distributed and backup generation, energy storage, energy management, renewable and low-carbon products, and carbon management solutions for large business and commercial customers; a cloud-based home platform, including hardware, software, sales, installation, customer service, technical support, and professional monitoring solutions; and generation portfolio includes fossil fuel and renewable generation assets diversified by fuel type and dispatch level, with ongoing development of new natural gas and renewable projects. In addition, the company trades in power, natural gas, and related products; environmental products; weather products; and financial products, including forwards, futures, options, and swaps. It offers its products and services under the NRG, Reliant, Direct Energy, Green Mountain Energy, and Vivint. It serves residential, commercial, government, industrial, data center, and wholesale customers. NRG Energy, Inc. was founded in 1989 and is headquartered in Houston, Texas."}, "AEE": {"ticker": "AEE", "name": "Ameren Corporation", "sector": "utilities", "description": "Ameren Corporation, together with its subsidiaries, operates as a public utility holding company in the United States. The company operates through four segments: Ameren Missouri, Ameren Illinois Electric Distribution, Ameren Illinois Natural Gas, and Ameren Transmission. It engages in the rate-regulated electric generation, transmission, and distribution business and natural gas transmission and distribution business. The company also generates electricity through coal, nuclear, and natural gas, as well as renewable energy, including hydroelectric, wind, methane gas, and solar energy centers. It serves residential, commercial, and industrial customers. Ameren Corporation was founded in 1881 and is headquartered in Saint Louis, Missouri."}, "ATO": {"ticker": "ATO", "name": "Atmos Energy Corporation", "sector": "utilities", "description": "Atmos Energy Corporation, together with its subsidiaries, engages in the regulated natural gas distribution, and pipeline and storage businesses in the United States. It operates through two segments, Distribution, and Pipeline and Storage. The Distribution segment is involved in the regulated natural gas distribution and related sales operations in eight states. This segment distributes natural gas to approximately 3.4 million residential, commercial, public authority, and industrial customers; and owned 76,000 miles of underground distribution and transmission mains. The Pipeline and Storage segment engages in the pipeline and storage operations. This segment transports natural gas for third parties and manages five underground storage facilities in Texas; provides ancillary services customary to the pipeline industry, including parking arrangements, lending, and inventory sales; and owned 5,700 miles of gas transmission lines. Atmos Energy Corporation was founded in 1906 and is based in Dallas, Texas."}, "DTE": {"ticker": "DTE", "name": "DTE Energy Company", "sector": "utilities", "description": "DTE Energy Company engages in energy-related businesses and services. The company operates through four segments: Electric, Gas, DTE Vantage, and Energy Trading.The company's Electric segment generates, purchases, distributes, and sells electricity to approximately 2.3 million residential, commercial, and industrial customers in southeastern Michigan. It generates electricity through coal-fired plants, natural gas plant, hydroelectric pumped storage, and nuclear plants, as well as wind and solar assets. This segment owns and operates 702 distribution substations with a capacity of approximately 37,870,000 kilovolt-amperes (kVA) and approximately 4,56,900 line transformers with a capacity of approximately 33,770,000 kVA. The company's Gas segment purchases, stores, transports, distributes, and sells natural gas to approximately 1.4 million residential, commercial, and industrial customers throughout Michigan; and sells storage and transportation capacity. This segment has approximately 21,000 miles of distribution mains; 1,242,000 service pipelines; and 1,361,000 active meters, as well as owns approximately 2,000 miles of transmission pipelines. Its DTE Vantage segment offers metallurgical and petroleum coke to steel and other industries; and power generation, steam production, chilled water production, and wastewater treatment services, as well as compressed air supply to industrial customers. This segment also owns and operates 2 renewable generating plants with a capacity of 70 MWs; and 22 gas recovery sites. Its Energy Trading segment engages in power, natural gas, and environmental marketing and trading; structured transactions; and the optimization of contracted natural gas pipeline transportation and storage positions. The company was founded in 1849 and is based in Detroit, Michigan."}, "PPL": {"ticker": "PPL", "name": "PPL Corporation", "sector": "utilities", "description": "PPL Corporation provides electricity and natural gas to approximately 3.6 million customers in the United States. It operates in three segments: Kentucky Regulated, Pennsylvania Regulated, and Rhode Island Regulated. The company engages in the transmission and distribution of electricity in eastern and central Pennsylvania; generation, transmission, distribution, and sale of electricity in Kentucky, Virginia, and Rhode Island; distribution and sale of natural gas in Kentucky and Rhode Island; sale of wholesale electricity in Kentucky; and generation of electricity from power plants in Kentucky. It generates electricity from coal, gas, hydro, and solar sources. The company was formerly known as PP&L Resources, Inc. and changed its name to PPL Corporation in 2000. PPL Corporation was founded in 1920 and is headquartered in Allentown, Pennsylvania."}, "FE": {"ticker": "FE", "name": "FirstEnergy Corp.", "sector": "utilities", "description": "FirstEnergy Corp., together with its subsidiaries, engages in the generation, distribution, and transmission of electricity in the United States. It operates through Distribution, Integrated, and Stand-Alone Transmission segments. The company owns and operates coal-fired, nuclear, hydroelectric, wind, and solar power generating facilities. The company operates 252,959 distribution line miles and 24,157 transmission line miles, including overhead pole line and underground conduit carrying primary, secondary, and street lighting circuits. The company serves customers in Ohio, Pennsylvania, New Jersey, West Virginia, Maryland, and New York. FirstEnergy Corp. was incorporated in 1996 and is headquartered in Akron, Ohio."}, "CNP": {"ticker": "CNP", "name": "CenterPoint Energy, Inc.", "sector": "utilities", "description": "CenterPoint Energy, Inc. operates as a public utility holding company in the United States. The company operates through Electric; Natural Gas; and Corporate and Other segments. The Electric segment provides electric transmission and distribution services to electric customers and electric generation assets, as well as optimizes assets in the wholesale power market in Indiana Electric's service territory. The Natural Gas segment engages in the intrastate natural gas sales, and natural gas transportation and distribution for residential, commercial, and industrial customers in Indiana, Minnesota, Ohio, and Texas; permanent pipeline connections through interconnects with various interstate and intrastate pipeline companies; and provides home appliance maintenance and repair services to customers in Minnesota and home repair protection plans to natural gas customers in Indiana, Mississippi, Ohio, and Texas through a third party. As of December 31, 2025, it served approximately 2,859,313 metered customers; owned 355 substations with transformer capacity of 81,692 megavolt amperes; and owned and operated approximately 208 miles of intrastate pipeline in Louisiana and Texas. The company was founded in 1866 and is headquartered in Houston, Texas."}, "EIX": {"ticker": "EIX", "name": "Edison International", "sector": "utilities", "description": "Edison International, through its subsidiaries, engages in the generation and distribution of electric power. The company supplies and delivers through its electrical infrastructure to an approximately 50,000 square-mile area of southern, central, and coastal California. It serves residential, commercial, industrial, public authorities, agricultural, street lighting, and other sectors. The company's distribution network consists of approximately 13,000 circuit-miles of lines ranging from 55 kV to 500 kV and approximately 80 transmission substations; and approximately 38,000 circuit-miles of overhead lines, approximately 32,000 circuit-miles of underground lines, and approximately 730 distribution substations. Edison International was founded in 1886 and is based in Rosemead, California."}, "ES": {"ticker": "ES", "name": "Eversource Energy", "sector": "utilities", "description": "Eversource Energy, a public utility holding company, engages in the energy delivery business. The company operates through Electric Distribution, Electric Transmission, Natural Gas Distribution, and Water Distribution segments. It is involved in the transmission and distribution of electricity; solar power facilities; and distribution of natural gas. The company also operates regulated water utilities that provides water services to residential, commercial, industrial, municipal and fire protection, and other customers in Connecticut, Massachusetts, and New Hampshire. The company was formerly known as Northeast Utilities and changed its name to Eversource Energy in April 2015. Eversource Energy was incorporated in 1927 and is headquartered in Springfield, Massachusetts."}, "AWK": {"ticker": "AWK", "name": "American Water Works Company, Inc.", "sector": "utilities", "description": "American Water Works Company, Inc., through its subsidiaries, provides water and wastewater services in the United States. It offers water and wastewater services on military installations; and undertakes contracts with municipal customers, primarily to operate and manage water and wastewater facilities, as well as offers other related services. The company also operates approximately 80 surface water treatment plants; 520 groundwater treatment plants; 170 wastewater treatment plants; 55,000 miles of transmission, distribution, and collection mains and pipes; 1,200 groundwater wells; 1,800 water and wastewater pumping stations; 1,100 treated water storage facilities; and 75 dams. In addition, it offers water and wastewater services to 14 states serving approximately 3.6 million active customers. The company serves residential customers; commercial customers, including food and beverage providers, commercial property developers and proprietors, and energy suppliers; fire service and private fire customers; industrial customers, such as large-scale manufacturers, mining, and production operations; public authorities comprising government buildings and other public sector facilities, such as schools and universities; and other utilities and community water and wastewater systems. The company was founded in 1886 and is headquartered in Camden, New Jersey."}, "CMS": {"ticker": "CMS", "name": "CMS Energy Corporation", "sector": "utilities", "description": "CMS Energy Corporation operates as an energy company primarily in Michigan. The company operates through three segments: Electric Utility; Gas Utility; and NorthStar Clean Energy. The Electric Utility segment is involved in the generation, purchase, distribution, and sale of electricity. This segment generates electricity through coal, wind, gas, renewable energy, oil, and nuclear sources. Its distribution system comprises 263 miles of high-voltage distribution overhead lines; 4 miles of high-voltage distribution underground lines; 4,619 miles of high-voltage distribution overhead lines; 18 miles of high-voltage distribution underground lines; 82,854 miles of electric distribution overhead lines; 10,027 miles of underground distribution lines; and 1,102 substations. The Gas Utility segment engages in the purchase, transmission, storage, distribution, and sale of natural gas, which includes 2,337 miles of transmission lines; 14 gas storage fields; 28,433 miles of distribution mains; and 8 compressor stations. The NorthStar Clean Energy segment is involved in the independent power production and marketing, including the development and operation of renewable generation. The company serves 1.9 million electric and 1.8 million gas customers, including residential, commercial, and diversified industrial customers. The company was incorporated in 1987 and is headquartered in Jackson, Michigan."}, "NI": {"ticker": "NI", "name": "NiSource Inc.", "sector": "utilities", "description": "NiSource Inc., an energy holding company, operates as a regulated natural gas and electric utility company in the United States. It operates in two segments, Columbia Operations and NIPSCO Operations. The company provides natural gas to residential, commercial, and industrial customers through approximately 37,300 miles of distribution main pipeline and the associated individual customer service lines; and 310 miles of transmission main pipeline in Ohio, Pennsylvania, Virginia, Kentucky, and Maryland. It also generates, transmits, and distributes electricity to approximately 0.5 million customers in various counties in the northern part of Indiana, as well as engages in wholesale electric and transmission transactions. It owns and operates steam coal generating stations in Wheatfield and Michigan City; combined cycle gas turbine in West Terre Haute; natural gas generating units in Wheatfield; hydro generating plants in Carroll County and White County; wind generating units in White County; and solar generating units in Sullivan County, Gibson County, Jasper County, and White County. The company was formerly known as NIPSCO Industries, Inc. and changed its name to NiSource Inc. in April 1999. NiSource Inc. was founded in 1847 and is headquartered in Merrillville, Indiana."}, "EVRG": {"ticker": "EVRG", "name": "Evergy, Inc.", "sector": "utilities", "description": "Evergy, Inc., together with its subsidiaries, engages in the generation, transmission, distribution, and sale of electricity in the United States. The company generates electricity through coal, landfill gas, uranium, and natural gas and oil sources, as well as solar, wind, and other renewable sources. It serves residences, commercial firms, industrials, municipalities, and other electric utilities. The company was incorporated in 2017 and is headquartered in Kansas City, Missouri."}, "LNT": {"ticker": "LNT", "name": "Alliant Energy Corporation", "sector": "utilities", "description": "Alliant Energy Corporation operates as a utility holding company that provides regulated electric and natural gas services in the United States. It operates through IPL and WPL segments. The company's IPL segment engages primarily in the generation and distribution of electricity and the distribution and transportation of natural gas to retail customers in select markets in Iowa. This segment also sells electricity to wholesale customers in Minnesota, Illinois and Iowa; and generates and distributes steam for two customers in Cedar Rapids, Iowa. Its WPL segment generates and distributes electricity, and distributes and transports natural gas to retail customers in select markets in Wisconsin; and sells electricity to wholesale customers in Wisconsin. It serves retail customers in the farming, agriculture, industrial manufacturing, chemical, packaging, and food industries, as well as wholesale customers comprising municipalities and rural electric cooperatives. In addition, the company owns and operates a short-line rail freight service in Iowa; a Mississippi River barge, rail, and truck freight terminal in Illinois; freight brokerage services; wind turbine blade recycling services; and a rail-served warehouse in Iowa. Further, it holds interests in a natural gas-fired electric generating unit near Sheboygan Falls, Wisconsin; and a wind farm located in Oklahoma. The company was formerly known as Interstate Energy Corp. and changed its name to Alliant Energy Corporation in May 1999. Alliant Energy Corporation is headquartered in Madison, Wisconsin."}, "PNW": {"ticker": "PNW", "name": "Pinnacle West Capital Corporation", "sector": "utilities", "description": "Pinnacle West Capital Corporation, through its subsidiary, provides retail and wholesale electric services in the state of Arizona. The company engages in the generation, transmission, and distribution of electricity using nuclear, gas, oil, coal, and solar generating facilities. Its transmission facilities include overhead lines and underground lines; and distribution facilities consist of overhead lines and underground primary cables. The company also owns and maintains substations, including transmission and distribution yards; and owns energy storage facilities. Pinnacle West Capital Corporation was incorporated in 1985 and is headquartered in Phoenix, Arizona."}, "WTRG": {"ticker": "WTRG", "name": "Essential Utilities, Inc.", "sector": "utilities", "description": "Essential Utilities, Inc., through its subsidiaries, operates regulated utilities that provide water, wastewater, and natural gas services in the United States. The company operates through Regulated Water; and Regulated Natural Gas segments. It also provides utility service line protection solutions and repair services to households; gas marketing and production activities; and natural gas distribution services. The company serves approximately 5.5 million residential water, commercial water, fire protection, industrial water, wastewater, and other water and utility customers in Pennsylvania, Ohio, Texas, Illinois, North Carolina, New Jersey, Indiana, Virginia, and Kentucky under the Aqua and Peoples brands. The company was formerly known as Aqua America, Inc. and changed its name to Essential Utilities, Inc. in February 2020. Essential Utilities, Inc. was founded in 1886 and is headquartered in Bryn Mawr, Pennsylvania."}, "AES": {"ticker": "AES", "name": "The AES Corporation", "sector": "utilities", "description": "The AES Corporation, together with its subsidiaries, operates as a power generation and utility company. It operates through four segments: Renewables, Utilities, Energy Infrastructure, and New Energy Technologies. The company owns and/or operates power plants to generate and sell power to customers, such as utilities, industrial users, and other intermediaries; owns and/or operates utilities to generate or purchase, distribute, transmit, and sell electricity to end-user customers in the residential, commercial, industrial, and governmental sectors; and generates and sells electricity on the wholesale market, as well as investments in technologies to support leading-edge greener energy solutions. It uses various fuels and technologies to generate electricity, such as solar, hydro, wind, coal, and gas, as well as renewables comprising energy storage and landfill gas. The company owns and/or operates a generation portfolio of approximately 34,740 megawatts and distributes power to 2.7 million customers. The company operates in the United States, Chile, Dominican Republic, El Salvador, Mexico, Bulgaria, Panama, Colombia, Argentina, Vietnam, Jordan, Puerto Rico, and internationally. The company was formerly known as Applied Energy Services, Inc. and changed its name to The AES Corporation in April 2000. The AES Corporation was incorporated in 1981 and is based in Arlington, Virginia."}, "OGE": {"ticker": "OGE", "name": "OGE Energy Corp.", "sector": "utilities", "description": "OGE Energy Corp., through its subsidiaries, generates, transmits, distributes, and sells electric energy in the United States. It owns and operates coal-fired, natural gas-fired, wind-powered, and solar-powered generating assets. The company also provides retail electric services to approximately 913,000 customers that covers a service area of approximately 30,000 square miles. Additionally, it offers bill payment and electric construction services for residential and business sectors. OGE Energy Corp. was founded in 1902 and is based in Oklahoma City, Oklahoma."}, "IDA": {"ticker": "IDA", "name": "IDACORP, Inc.", "sector": "utilities", "description": "IDACORP, Inc., together with its subsidiaries, engages in the generation, transmission, distribution, purchase, and sale of electric energy in the United States. The company operates 17 hydropower generating plants located in southern Idaho and eastern Oregon; and three natural gas-fired plants situated in southern Idaho, as well as interests in a coal-fired and natural gas-fired steam generating plant located in Wyoming; and interests in a coal-fired steam generating plant situated in Nevada. As of December 31, 2025, it had approximately 4,730 pole miles of high-voltage transmission lines; 23 step-up transmission substations located at power plants; 21 transmission substations; 12 switching stations; 31 mixed-use transmission and distribution substations; 188 energized distribution substations; approximately 30,020 linear miles of distribution lines; and a capacity of 1,228 MWh of battery storage. The company provides electric utility services to approximately 664,000 retail customers in southern Idaho and eastern Oregon. It serves commercial and industrial customers, which involved in food processing, electronics and general manufacturing, agriculture, health care, government, education, and information technology. The company also invests in housing and other real estate tax credit investments. IDACORP, Inc. was founded in 1915 and is headquartered in Boise, Idaho."}, "CWEN-A": {"ticker": "CWEN-A", "name": "Clearway Energy Inc", "sector": "utilities", "description": "Clearway Energy, Inc. operates in the clean energy generation assets business in the United States. It operates through Flexible Generation and Renewables & Storage segments. The company's portfolio comprises approximately 12.9 GW of gross capacity in 27 states, including approximately 10.1 GW of wind, solar, and battery energy storage systems; and approximately 2.8 GW of dispatchable combustion-based power generation assets included in the Flexible Generation segment that provide critical grid reliability services. The company was formerly known as NRG Yield, Inc. and changed its name to Clearway Energy, Inc. in August 2018. Clearway Energy, Inc. was incorporated in 2012 and is based in Princeton, New Jersey. Clearway Energy, Inc. is a subsidiary of Clearway Energy Group LLC."}, "UGI": {"ticker": "UGI", "name": "UGI Corporation", "sector": "utilities", "description": "UGI Corporation, together with its subsidiaries, engages in the distribution, storage, transportation, and marketing of energy products and related services in the United States and internationally. The company operates through four segments: Utilities, Midstream & Marketing, UGI International, and AmeriGas Propane. It distributes propane to approximately 801 million residential, commercial/industrial, motor fuel, agricultural, and wholesale customers. The company distributes liquefied petroleum gases (LPG) to residential, commercial, industrial, agricultural, wholesale and automobile fuel customers; and provides logistics, storage, and other services to third-party LPG distributors. In addition, it engages in the retail sale of natural gas, liquid fuels, and electricity to approximately 10,800 residential, commercial, and industrial customers. Further, the company distributes natural gas to approximately 694,000 customers in eastern and central Pennsylvania counties through its distribution system of approximately 12,700 miles of gas mains; and supplies electricity to approximately 62,900 customers in northeastern Pennsylvania through 2,700 miles of lines and 14 substations. Additionally, it operates electric generation facilities; natural gas liquefaction, storage, and vaporization facility; propane storage and propane-air mixing stations; and rail transshipment terminals. It manages natural gas pipeline and storage contracts; develops, owns, and operates pipelines, gathering infrastructure, and gas storage facilities. UGI Corporation was incorporated in 1882 and is headquartered in King of Prussia, Pennsylvania."}, "ORA": {"ticker": "ORA", "name": "Ormat Technologies, Inc.", "sector": "utilities", "description": "Ormat Technologies, Inc. engages in the geothermal and recovered energy power business in the United States, Indonesia, Kenya, Turkey, Chile, Guatemala, Guadeloupe, New Zealand, Honduras, France, Indonesia, the Philippines, and internationally. It operates through three segments: Electricity, Product, and Energy Storage. The Electricity segment develops, builds, owns, and operates geothermal, solar photovoltaic, and recovered energy-based power plants; and sells electricity. The Product segment designs, manufactures, and sells equipment for geothermal and recovered energy-based electricity generation; and provides services relating to the engineering, procurement, and construction of geothermal and recovered energy-based power plants. The Energy Storage segment owns and operates grid-connected, stand alone In Front of the Meter (IFM) battery energy storage BESS facilities, which provide capacity, energy, and ancillary services directly to the electric grid. The company serves contractors, geothermal plant owners and operators, interstate natural gas pipeline owners and operators, gas processing plant owners and operators, cement plant owners and operators, and biomass facilities owners and operators, as well as other companies engaged in energy-intensive industrial processes. Ormat Technologies, Inc. was founded in 1965 and is headquartered in Reno, Nevada."}, "SWX": {"ticker": "SWX", "name": "Southwest Gas Holdings, Inc.", "sector": "utilities", "description": "Southwest Gas Holdings, Inc., through its subsidiary, Southwest Gas Corporation, purchases, distributes, and transports natural gas for residential, commercial, and industrial customers in Arizona, Nevada, and California in the United States. The company offers tariff sales and transportation services. It also operates a pipeline transmission system, including an LNG storage facility. As of December 31, 2025, the company served approximately 2,281,000 customers with 1,224,000 in Arizona, 849,000 in Nevada, and 208,000 in California. Southwest Gas Holdings, Inc. was founded in 1931 and is headquartered in Las Vegas, Nevada."}, "POR": {"ticker": "POR", "name": "Portland General Electric Company", "sector": "utilities", "description": "Portland General Electric Company, an integrated electric utility company, engages in the generation, wholesale purchase, transmission, distribution, and retail sale of electricity in the state of Oregon. It operates six thermal plants, four wind farms, and seven hydroelectric facilities. As of December 31, 2025, the company owned an electric transmission system consisting of 1,744 circuit miles, including 287 circuit miles of 500 kilovolt line, 414 circuit miles of 230 kilovolt line, and 577 miles of 115 kilovolt line; 466 miles of 57 kilovolt line; and served 960 thousand retail customers in 51 cities. It also has 29,251 circuit miles of distribution lines. Portland General Electric Company was founded in 1889 and is headquartered in Portland, Oregon."}, "BKH": {"ticker": "BKH", "name": "Black Hills Corporation", "sector": "utilities", "description": "Black Hills Corporation, through its subsidiaries, operates as an electric and natural gas utility company in the United States. The company operates through the Electric Utilities and Gas Utilities segments. The Electric Utilities segment engages in the generation, transmission, and distribution of electricity to electric utility customers in Colorado, Montana, South Dakota, and Wyoming; ownership and operation of 1,386 megawatts of generation capacity, and 9,478 miles of electric transmission and distribution lines; sale of excess power to other utilities and marketing companies; and ownership and operation of non-regulated power generation and mining assets. Its Gas Utilities segment is involved in the distribution of natural gas to approximately 1,138,000 natural gas utility customers in Arkansas, Colorado, Iowa, Kansas, Nebraska, and Wyoming; ownership and operation of 4,581 miles of intrastate gas transmission pipelines; 44,840 miles of gas distribution mains and service lines; seven natural gas storage sites; and approximately 50,000 horsepower of compression and 494 miles of gathering lines. The company also provides non-regulated services to its retail customers, including Service Guard Comfort Plan, which provides home appliance repair services through on-going monthly service agreements to residential utility customers; Tech Services, which include construction and maintenance of customer-owned gas infrastructure facilities, as well as electrical system construction services; and HomeServe, which are additional home repair service plans for natural gas residential customers. In addition, the company produces electric power through wind, natural gas, and coal-fired generating plants, as well as coal at its coal mine located near Gillette, Wyoming. Black Hills Corporation was incorporated in 1941 and is headquartered in Rapid City, South Dakota."}, "NJR": {"ticker": "NJR", "name": "New Jersey Resources Corporation", "sector": "utilities", "description": "New Jersey Resources Corporation, an energy services holding company, distributes natural gas. The company operates through four segments: Natural Gas Distribution, Clean Energy Ventures, Energy Services, and Storage and Transportation. The Natural Gas Distribution segment offers regulated natural gas utility services to residential and commercial customers in Burlington, Middlesex, Monmouth, Morris, Ocean, and Sussex counties in New Jersey; provides capacity and storage management services; and participates in the off-system sales and capacity release markets. The Clean Energy Ventures segment invests in, owns, and operates clean energy projects, including commercial and residential solar installation situated in New Jersey, Rhode Island, New York, Connecticut, Michigan, Indiana, and Pennsylvania. The Energy Services segment maintains and transacts natural gas transportation and storage capacity contracts, as well as provides physical wholesale energy, retail energy and energy management services. The Storage and Transportation segment invests in energy-related ventures. It provides home services and other operations, such as heating, ventilation, and cooling services; sales and installation of appliances; electrical and generator service and installations; and plumbing repair and installation services, as well as holds commercial real estate properties. The company also offers shared administrative and financial services; and natural gas storage and transmission assets services. New Jersey Resources Corporation was founded in 1922 and is headquartered in Wall, New Jersey."}, "OGS": {"ticker": "OGS", "name": "ONE Gas, Inc.", "sector": "utilities", "description": "ONE Gas, Inc., together with its subsidiaries, operates as a regulated natural gas distribution utility company in the United States. The company offers natural gas distribution services. As of December 31, 2025, it owned 43,200 miles of distribution pipelines and 2,200 miles of transmission pipelines. The company serves approximately 2.3 million residential, commercial, industrial, transportation, and wholesale customers in Oklahoma, Kansas, and Texas. ONE Gas, Inc. was founded in 1906 and is headquartered in Tulsa, Oklahoma."}, "SR": {"ticker": "SR", "name": "Spire Inc.", "sector": "utilities", "description": "Spire Inc., together with its subsidiaries, engages in the purchase, retail distribution, and sale of natural gas to residential, commercial, industrial, and other end-users of natural gas in the United States. The company operates through three segments: Gas Utility, Gas Marketing, and Midstream. It is also involved in the marketing of natural gas and related services; and transportation and storage of natural gas. In addition, the company engages in the operation of propane through its propane pipeline, risk management, and other activities. Spire Inc. was formerly known as The Laclede Group, Inc. and changed its name to Spire Inc. in April 2016. Spire Inc. was founded in 1857 and is based in Saint Louis, Missouri."}, "NWE": {"ticker": "NWE", "name": "NorthWestern Energy Group, Inc.", "sector": "utilities", "description": "NorthWestern Energy Group, Inc., doing business as NorthWestern Energy, provides electricity and natural gas to residential, commercial, and diversified industrial customers. It generates, purchases, transmits, and distributes electricity; and produces, purchases, stores, transmits, and distributes natural gas, as well as owns municipal franchises to provide natural gas service in the communities. The company operates 6,596 miles of electric transmission and 18,946 miles of electric distribution lines with approximately 397 transmission and distribution substations; and 2,133 miles of natural gas transmission and 5,939 miles of natural gas distribution lines with approximately 134 city gate stations in Montana. It also operates 1,344 miles of electric transmission and 2,386 miles of electric distribution lines in South Dakota with approximately 123 transmission and distribution substations; and 55 miles of natural gas transmission, 1,853 miles of natural gas distribution lines in South Dakota, and 836 miles of natural gas distribution lines Nebraska. The company provides electricity and/or natural gas to approximately 850,300 customers in Montana, South Dakota, Nebraska, and Yellowstone National Park. NorthWestern Energy Group, Inc. was incorporated in 1923 and is based in Sioux Falls, South Dakota."}, "MDU": {"ticker": "MDU", "name": "MDU Resources Group, Inc.", "sector": "utilities", "description": "MDU Resources Group, Inc. engages in the regulated energy delivery businesses in the United States. The company operates through three segments: Electric, Natural Gas Distribution, and Pipeline. It generates, transmits, and distributes electricity in Montana, North Dakota, South Dakota, and Wyoming through approximately 3,400 miles of transmission and 4,900 miles of distribution lines, as well as 86 transmission and 299 distribution substations. The company also distributes natural gas in Idaho, Minnesota, Montana, North Dakota, Oregon, South Dakota, Washington, and Wyoming through approximately 22,000 miles of distribution and 540 miles transmission systems; and supplies related value-added services. In addition, it provides natural gas transportation and underground storage services through a regulated pipeline system primarily in the Rocky Mountain and northern Great Plains regions; and cathodic protection non-regulated energy-related services. Further, the company offers transportation and storage services. MDU Resources Group, Inc. was incorporated in 1924 and is headquartered in Bismarck, North Dakota."}}